---
title: Truth
date: 2011-11-16
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

There's this girl who's blog I've been reading for a couple of years now. She writes wonderfully, and has always had something interesting to saybe that a thought, an introspective brain dump, or the story of a day.

A few months ago she disappeared from the internet almost entirely, and then when she returned a strange metamorphoses had happened. All blog posts, photos, facebook updates and tweets involving her husband had gone. In some cases entire blog posts had been re-written. Edited. Censored. There was somebody new in all the photos, and no word at all about what might have happened.

While I wasn't about to start wondering about somebody elses life choices, it did get me thinking about "truth"about the story we choose to tell on the internet.

Should we ever go back over the the story we have written online and change it? Are we not distorting history? Turning our story into nothing more than propaganda? Where is the truth in such a heavily edited account?I could draw parallels with certain historical books that millions of people believe in, because they have been through exactly the same processwhich has of course invited mounting ridicule (mostly due to educationbut that's another argument for another day).

I guess the point I'm making is if we ever need to edit the content we have shared with the world en-masse, why are we sharing anything with the world in the first place? If our story only describes a carefully constructed deceit, we deny others the chance to know usto know what we have been through, the challenges we have faced, and the journey we have been on.