---
title: Sushi
date: 2020-09-17
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's our eldest daughter's birthday today. Somehow she is 20 years old. I still think of her as the unsure 7 year old that walked through our door thirteen years ago, after two years wading through the endless red tape of the adoption process. We have found a sushi place that delivers, so have splashed out - I can't remember the last time we had food delivered to the house.

In other news, the country looks like it's heading back into lockdown - driven mostly by legions of idiots that don't seem to be able to follow simple instructions from the government. The same people are complaining that the government are clueless morons. I've thought more than once about quietly pointing out that three quarters of those complaining voted for those they are complaining about. I doubt that would go down very well.

Sometimes it's better to keep your mouth shut, and watch the deck of the ship you're standing on get set alight by those around you. Of course it's not everybody. The vast majority are similarly furious. It's the old story - a small minority ruin almost everything for almost everybody.

Oh. I've gone back to using the Bullet Journal, after playing with a Filofax for a few weeks. It turns out if you're working from home all the time, you don't really need to plan anything that far ahead - but having a day-to-day record of what you did, along with thoughts and ideas is pretty useful.

Anyway. Coffee. I need a coffee. And some music. And some sushi.