---
title: Monday
date: 2020-09-07
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I was going to to title this post "Working from Home", but this is my life now - working from home.

I'm glad I still have a job, and I don't really miss the office environment - but a few things have started to happen that I'm not too happy about. It's interesting to see how different people deal with the impersonal and disconnected nature of home working - I hadn't anticipated that some would take advantage of it. I guess we're all learning and adapting though, so it would be wrong to call anybody out. Lets just say it seems some are adapting more quickly than others.

While doing chores at the weekend I realised I haven't left the house for a couple of weeks. I get up, work, eat dinner, wash up, play video games or watch TV, and go to bed - again, and again. I have found myself playing chess late in the evenings just recently. I used to play years ago, and the internet has pretty much solved "finding people to play with" - just as it has solved so many other things. It's not quite the same as sitting across a board from a real person though, and emptying your head while pretending to care about the board game in front of you.

I wonder how many other games are really just excuses to spend time together? I know sometimes I offer to play board games late at night with my other half - purely because we haven't spent any time together recently. I've lost count of the number of times I've lost at Trivial Pursuit against her - and scrabble. She lulls me into a false sense of security - like a cat playing with a mouse - lets me feel quite clever, and then ruins everything with some stupid word that scores more than my total score.