---
title: Saturday
date: 2020-05-30
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Yesterday evening I posted something vaguely political on Facebook, and almost immediately regretted it - not because of the subject matter of my post - because of the mob mentality of many of those that responded.

Why do so many people only see the world from their perspective? Why do so few people consider the bigger picture? It almost seemed that many had been bottling up personal frustrations about anything and everything, and had been looking for an opportunity to vent bile.

Although I managed to halt most of the idiocy, and open a few people's eyes, I can safely say that I never want to become a politician. Imagine what it must be like - where you balance the advice of expert analysis to make life changing decisions, and no matter what you do, a proportion of those effected will suddenly become much more qualified than the career scientists, economists, biologists, or whoever else about whatever decision you have made.

Anyway.

It's Saturday morning. I'm holed up in the study, tapping away on the keyboard of the twenty year old iMac, writing this into a text editor most people have not seen for a decade. After saving the words I will copy them over to a file share on the Raspberry Pi, and then check them into a Git repository on the internet. From there I will be able to grab them on the PC across the room, and pollute the world wide web with them.

It sounds insane, but it stops me from becoming distracted mid-sentence, opening a browser tab, and jumping down some rabbit hole or other. I know I'm my own worst enemy.

Yesterday I got out of the house for a few hours with our youngest daughter, and went for a walk in the sunshine (read: baking furnace in the sky). We walked over a nearby hill that looks out over town, and then out along the river and back - about twelve kilometres or so. Along the way we saw geese, cows, and all manner of idiotic people disregarding social distancing rules. There seems to be a link with money and idiocy - the 1% that own the river-side houses seemed to be taking no notice at all of any of the guidance - with friends visiting, children playing in huge groups - you end up having to compartmentalise them in your head, and try to take no notice.

I find myself compartmentalising a lot recently.

Today is a quiet day. The washing machine is running, the sun is shining, my middle daughter is continuing to paint miniature soldiers, and I'm hoping to watch the SpaceX launch later. In a little while I'll call my parents to see how they are doing, and then the day is my own. I'm thinking a video game, or a book.

We all know I'll just end up down an internet rabbit hole, don't we.