---
title: Humpday
date: 2020-05-27
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's heading towards 1:30am, and somehow I'm still up - which is ridiculous, given that I'm supposed to be going running with my youngest daughter early tomorrow morning. Can I survive on six hours sleep? I'm sure I'll find out.

After work this evening I spent an hour sitting outside with my middle daughter, painting undercoat onto miniature soldiers. I bought a Warhammer starter set for her earlier in the year, after spectacularly unsuccessfully setting out to find a new board game. I think I wrote about it on the blog at the time.

It's surprisingly therapeutic - covering little plastic figures with paint. I'm not sure why. While we sat, and thought about nothing more than what we were doing, she told me all about them - they are "Stormcast Eternals", and "Night-something-or-others" (I apologise in advance if you know anything about any of this). After dinner I did a little digging on the internet, and found some books full of lore about the universe the figures inhabit.

I can see the whole thing being a gigantic slippery slope - for me more than her. I might have ordered some base boards, and paint to make scenery late tonight - she doesn't know yet.

What else has been going on around here ? Not much really. Running, chores, playing video games, working, painting little soldiers, watching movies, playing board games, and still not reading any books.

I'm still not missing blogging every day. There must be something wrong with me (or something finally right with me, depending on your point of view).

Anyway. Bedtime.