---
title: Quiz City
date: 2020-05-02
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

This evening I performed the role of "Quiz Master" for a quiz with the staff and families of the school where my other half works. We used "Zoom", and I created a presentation for the quiz as a webpage - with controls to flick through the questions, and to turn the answers on and off. We had six rounds of ten questions, and a picture round for fun in the middle.

It went really well. So well, infact, that several people shouted out "let's do it again next week!", and I quietly groaned - because that means coming up with another 60 questions. I had not realised before how difficult it might be to come up with questions that covered both adults and children, and that would allow most people to get at least half to three quarters of the questions right.

I've done charity quizes in the past for friends where the questions were horrifically difficult - and by the end of the night you really didn't care any more. I figured you have to let people do well enough that they don't lose interest.

I think the questions were judged about right. I will admit to doing a dummy run through the quiz with a friend in Australia yesterday - just to double check it.

This evening I took part in "The Big Nerd Pub Quiz" on YouTube with the rest of my family. It seems during lock-down we have taken to doing these kinds of activities instead of watching TV. The Big Nerd Pub Quiz is run by a guy in Ireland, and he broadcasts in the evening - so lunchtime for the US - with various quizzes during the week. He's doing a special Star Wars quiz on May 4th, if you're interested - find him on YouTube.

Anyway. I'm all quizzed out. I'm going to go play some video games, then fall into bed.