---
title: The One Where The Spider Had Babies
date: 2009-09-06
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

You know the spider I evicted from our house a few days ago? The one I evicted from the kitchen yesterday? It had babies. In something approaching the Oklahoma land rush, we now have miniature versions of the spider posted at six inch gaps along the top of the kitchen wall. What else has been going on this weekend so far? While Wend took our eldest to the centenary Guiding celebrations (our eldest is in Brownies, and W is a Brown Owl), I did many of the small jobs around the house - including finishing painting the wendy house in the back garden, and fixing it's roof. We've been meaning to sort it out for weeks, but other chores kept getting in the way. I also put new posters up in the kids rooms - there is now an impressive visual assault of Sponge Bob Square Pants, Hannah Montana, Super Mario, and Diego when you enter their respective rooms. We've had the posters for weeks too - and they too kept getting pushed to the back of the queue. Feeling the wind get a little colder over the last few days, I also cleared the decking at the back of the house, folded the table and chairs, and tidied up. This afforded our five year old Maneul Fangio, and her sister Nikki Lauda to get their bikes out, and learn all about brakes (or not). I stopped listening to the bellows of temper and explosions of crying after a while. Little Miss 5 evenually came into the house doing some pretty convincing fake crying. When I didn't arrive to investigate the volume went up, so I thought I had better take a look. "What's up?" "I hurt myself" (more crying) "How?" "I fell over my stupid bike

"Well that was a bit silly, wasn't it." "But it hurts!" "Oh dear - perhaps if it really hurts, you should go to bed for a bit until it's better" She suddenly looked horrified, and stopped crying. "For how long?" "Until it's better." This appeared to completely blow her reasoning and logic to pieces, and she quietly made her way upstairs - and miraculously didn't scream the house down. I made dinner a while later, and she cheerfully skipped through the house following my "DINNER TIME!" call without a care in the world. Oh to be five again.