---
title: Annoyances
date: 2024-01-31
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Yesterday's writing prompt (because I missed a day again, and it's much easier than today's writing prompt) asks "what do you complain about the most?"

Where do I even start with this?

There's going to be nothing huge on my list - just a lot of little things that if added together on the same day would probably cause a Michael Douglas "Falling Down" moment, where I go on a rampage through a city (or at least, I would like to think I would - in reality I'm more likely to just sit here grumbling to myself - inside voice - like I'm doing now).

So were do I start?

I just deleted three paragraphs where I went into quite some detail about little things around the house. Small stuff. Pedantic stuff. I stopped and thought "what am I doing? - none of this really matters".

Instead of outwardly complaining, I'm going to list some things that annoy me. Things that annoy me enormously. They're not really things - more behaviours.

People that say "it was better in my day". No. It was different. The world changes. The world evolves. Stop living in the past and get on with living. We have communications, medicine, and transport available to us that previous generations could only have dreamed of. We have so many freedoms never afforded before. So much access to information, learning, education, and the chance to better ourselves.

The acceptance that people of a certain age are allowed to share massively sexist, misogynist, homophobic or racist views. No. Just no. Again - the world has evolved - it's changed and improved. The migration and integration of different people all over the world has made life so much more interesting. The different cultures, views, values, stories, and histories should be embraced. We have so much to learn from one another.

I guess aligned with that is a resistance against people pushing anything. A way of life, activity, belief, faith, or whatever. We get it - you like it - it's made a difference to you - but if you're being encouraged as part of "taking part" to advertise whatever it is - that's a damn pyramid scheme. I think it's wonderful that we have so many freedoms - and yes, that means people can preach at us about anything and everything - but equally does that mean others have to put up with the cacophony generated by all the unwitting marketers surrounding them? Do they even realise what they're doing?
