---
title: How Cold
date: 2006-01-24
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's nearly 9:20 as I write this, and I'm just starting to warm up a bit. When I got my bike out of the shed this morning I thought it was cold outside, but couldn't believe the weather report from Konfabulator when I switched my computer on : -4 !

It's now warmed up outside to a relatively balmy -2

I guess I should explain what Konfabulator is, for those who have not seen it - it's the answer to all your geek utility prayers. It's hard to describe easily too. Imagine a little program that sits in the corner of your computer, and lets you install lots of fun "plugins" for it that do all the things you never knew you needed. Things like a local weather report (with nice graphics, as you can see to the right...), nice analogue clock, a to-do list, a picture frame showing pictures from your Flickr account, a broadband graph, a wifi graph... the list goes on.

Konfabulator has been around for a long time - on Windows and Mac, and Yahoo just bought them out, so they are busy making plugins for all their services too. If Google and Yahoo are going to go toe to toe in the online utility market it can only be good news for people who like installing crap now and again (and yes, I will admit to that).

And - as is typical around here - I just got called away for the last hour to talk through some code somebody else has written. I'm not commenting on that though because I've got in trouble too many times for talking about work in my blog.

I'll try and think of something important to write about later. I'm guessing it will be our impending visit to the IVF clinic tomorrow, but you never know - something might wind me up later and warrant a blast of cynicism into this blog...