---
title: Flat Out
date: 2009-05-14
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Tonight is a night off from both my professional and freelance work - the first time out I have taken in a week or so. It's time.

Taking a friend's advice, I have installed Spotify on my old Mac at home (the one with the dodgy battery that desperately needs a visit to Apple to use it's AppleCare "fix me now" tokens). I am therefore listening to Nik Kershaw, rocking out in a scruffy T-Shirt, and jeans with nothing on my feet in our spare room.

The oven is warming up, ready to cook baked potatoes. I just drank an espresso (which was probably a mistake, given that I haven't eaten since lunchtime - 9 hours ago).

I'm aware that this blog has been sadly neglected for several weeks - and cannot guarantee any change to that soon. I'm also aware that the various blogs on the blogroll are not being read either. I often find myself taking a quick glance at recent posts, and then feeling guilty that I should be doing something more productive.

While I know there is value in "doing nothing", I am perhaps my own worst enemy when it comes to forcing myself to do it. I can't remember the last time I sat in front of the television and watched a programme all the way through. I always have things to do... things to get done.

I am permanently either submerged in whatever I am doing, or distracted while doing less important things. It's a weird place to be.

Even this evening - while attempting to do nothing - I am racing to write this, with the thought of reading and commenting on blogs later, catching up with writing emails to friends around the world, cooking dinner, washing up... it never ends.