---
title: Off Work
date: 2004-10-05
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I'm at home today with a pretty horrible cold. It's not a snotty nose cold; more an aches, pains, coughs and headache cold... not very nice.

Therefore I'm sat here in my pyjamas and housecoat trying to decide what to do today - only not really feeling like doing anything at all.

That "Jonathan Strange" book might get read today.

Something I neglected to mention in the email about virus killing the other day is that you can get a year's free license for eTrust ezArmour (the firewall/virus killer combo) by searching on Google for "Free Microsoft Antivirus". I think it's worth it, and am mightily impressed with the software so far (although, like I said, you need a spyware scanner too).

I'm coming to the conclusion that the main reason most people get viruses on their home computers is down to their behaviour when using the computer while connected to the internet.

My mind really is wondering all over the place today, isn't it. Must be the illness or something.

Oh! - something else to note - the World Chess Championships is on at the moment; you can find out about it via the Week In Chess website, or via the official World Chess Championship website. It's between Vladimir Kramnik (they guy who took the title from Gary Kasparov), and Peter Leko.

I love chess, but think it's a real shame that the so-called "world body", FIDE (Federation International Des Echeques) cannot sort itself out and take control of the world championship cycle once more. If you are blissfully unaware of what has been going on for the last 10 years or so, the chess world has experienced the same fragmentation that boxing has; there are now several versions of the world title - with (surprisingly) the unofficial one being the most plausible one. Half the problem is that the top echelons of FIDE are infested with corruption. I guess a part of the reason for that is the presence of so many Russians running the show; and over the last 10 years Russia has become more and more corrupt (you only have to read about the Chelsea FC manager to find that out).

I'm getting very political and very boring, aren't I.

Change of subject. Nanowrimo started last week. I wonder how difficult it would be to churn out 50,000 words worth of writing over the course of a month. It's the 5th today - meaning I'm already something like 7500 words behind... can somebody write 10,000 words in the space of one day? Can it be done? I don't know.