---
title: Blue Skies
date: 2015-04-21
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's gorgeous outside this morning - blue skies as far as the eye can see. In the distance you can see the A380s and 747s in the pattern on approach to London Heathrow, the birds are singing, and there's hardly any wind. I notice the wind, because I cycle to work - headwinds are the recurring nightmare of the cyclist.

Cycling through town is interesting - some days (as today) you can pass through relatively unscathed, but others you take your life in your hands - actively avoiding impending doom every few minutes. The first day the kids went back to school was like one of those Japanese game shows where people get beat senseless on impossible obstacle courses - only on the road the obstacles are unpredictable parents driving their children to school. I could start a rant about them driving their kids to a school within walking distance of their house, but I'm not going there - not today, anyway. When I arrived at the office this morning, the imaginary soap opera continued outside. The man that lives next to the gorgeous lady was standing on her doorstep. It looked like he had knocked, and she wasn't answering. He was wearing very smart clothes, hair combed, and everything - often he wanders around in his pyjamas. I couldn't help smiling when she didn't answer the door. I just checked, and I still don't have access to the client system to continue working on their project. I'm trying not to get too stressed about it. If I end up twiddling my thumbs later, no doubt you'll see more blog posts from me. Oh! Nearly forgot - we finally started watching Season 5 of Game of Thrones at home last night (and the final episode of Season 4 - the one where Tyrion goes on his mini murderous rampage). We're only one episode in, so I'm reserving judgement - I did see George R R Martin's Twitter tagline the other day though, and laughed - "Guns don't kill people - I kill people". I guess it's time to go make a coffee. Catch you later.