---
title: Midnight
date: 2023-07-08
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I'm sitting in the dark of the living room on my own, with the clock ticking towards midnight. My other half is on her way back from a music concert - she went to see Blur at Wembley Stadium with a friend. The kids went to bed some time ago.

I'm listening to Taylor Swift's "Speak Now" album on Spotify - I'm not a huge fan of hers, but I completely support why she's re-recorded and re-released the album. I won't re-tell the story of why she's re-recording her back-catalogue - I'm sure it's been recounted pretty much everywhere.

I've had a quiet day. Sometimes quiet is good. I tinkered with some writing, re-acquainted myself with some music I used to be able to play, fell down an internet rabbit hole or two, played a video game or two, and read a book for a while.

Last night we sat on the green outside the house with neighbours for much of the night. Stories, laughter, and recent adventures were shared. It was good. Good for the soul, I suppose. I often have to get over myself to spend time with others - I'm too good at spending time alone. The stupid thing - I love spending time with others - listening to their stories - sharing their concerns - just being there really. I can rarely do any more than lend an ear, but maybe that's enough sometimes?

I'm not sure that I have anything planned for tomorrow. Maybe a run. Maybe a walk somewhere quiet - along the river, perhaps. We'll see.

Ok. That's enough Taylor Swift. Elton John is singing "Your Song" now. The original version.

George - our big old ginger cat - just wandered in from the garden - the patio door is wide open - and curled up next to me. He sat next to me for a while - staring at my face, and meowing. Seeking attention. He's now purposely facing the other way in disgust. If I so much as touch him, he will roll towards me theatrically.

I couldn't resist it. I stroked his head, and he rolled towards me with his eyes closed. Now I'm smiling like an idiot. He won, didn't he.

The clock just ticked past midnight. I should post this I suppose.