---
title: Indiana
date: 2023-07-11
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

We went to the cinema last night and watched the latest and final Indiana Jones movie. I don't quite understand why the critics have given it such a mauling - I thought it was fine. A typical summer popcorn adventure movie - just like all the other Indiana Jones movies.

Something I did become aware of during the movie - just how many people get killed. I'm pretty sure there were not that many killed in the earlier movies. Maybe I'm becoming more aware of it? I'm not sure.

We got home at some time after 11pm, and I walked into a wall of washing up - quite the achievement given that I had tried to clear the decks before going out. I cleared it before going to bed. I got up this morning to even more. I wandered into the kitchen mid-morning to make a coffee... and was greeted by yet more.

Anyway. Enough complaining.

I just booked an eye test. For Friday morning. I've noticed in recent months that my eyesight is slowly getting worse - particularly when tired. I suppose it's inevitable, given how old I am. Maybe I should lighten up on myself a little. I could be in far worse shape than I am. I ran 5K yesterday morning. Quietly proud of that. My left ankle hasn't been very proud ever since, but you can't have everything.

I just noticed the music stopped playing some time ago. I'm now sitting in silence, with only the sound of the keys on the computer keyboard for company.

Tap tap tap.

Maybe it's time for a coffee.