---
title: Thursday
date: 2020-10-29
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Day one of the mini-staycation has commenced. So far this morning I have had a shower, got dressed, made breakfast, put two loads of clothes through the washing machine (a third is in there right now), folded a dining table full of clothes (which the children are yet to move to their rooms), emptied the dishwasher, re-filled the dishwasher, pretended to be an aeroplane pilot for half an hour, replied to comments on the blog, and took endless amounts of rubbish to the bins outside, which will hopefully be collected this afternoon.

Phew. Maybe it's time to finally sit down and do what I want to do for a little while.

A good friend messaged me yesterday with a link to an article about doing paid writing work from home. I took one look, and realised I would need to do at least two of the listed jobs simultaneously to make the same amount I do now. I wonder if writing causes the same amount of desk headbutting? I imagine it might be just as stressful, when faced with a power-trip editor ripping your words to pieces.

Given the success of Snapchat, YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, and whatever else, I do wonder if writing has much reach any more. A huge demographic seems to absorb anything they are going to through thirty second sound bites, epic fail videos, and pranks dressed up as accidents. Perhaps that's why Donald Trump has remained in office for as long as he has - to a seemingly huge porportion of Americans, he provides enough entertainment to keep him there - and he knows it.

It appears in the modern world it is arguably better to be an awful human being that commands eyeballs and ears than to be any combination of sensible, selfless, tactful, thoughtful, knowledgeable, or caring.

Lets hope I'm wrong.

I just ate a 95 gram bar of Cadbury's Dairy Milk. I feel sick now. I'm not sure why you needed to know that.