---
title: Adrift
date: 2006-08-15
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Before launching into this post, it's worth pointing out that I have finally succummed to the monster that is MySpace - mainly because I have several "real" friends on there now (yes - you heard right - REAL friends...). Even though I may not be happy with the way MySpace works, is designed, looks, or performs, I can put up with it if it means I can stay in touch with my friends - which, after all, is far more important than grumbling about the technical design of the communication method 

This all means that I will be cross-posting my blog to MySpace for the forseeable future - meaning you can read the inane record of my life either through my myspace profile (here), or via my "real" Blog (here). Hopefully I won't bore everybody to death - my life isn't the most exciting in the world, but if I didn't write about it I would probably have some kind of "falling down" moment from time to time...

So here we are. What has been going on in the "life of me, myself and I" since the weekend.

After a day spent working from home yesterday, I am finally back in the office this morning trying to get back up to speed. It's proving more difficult than I thought it might.

Over the last few days my head has been elsewhere - aided by a cold, and various friends being around. I can usually focus on a task and block everything out, but seemingly not today. Just to make it worse, I have a software development task ahead of me that I'm actually scared of. I'm sure I'll be fine, but I feel like I need to try and ignore it - at least over lunchtime - before even gathering the courage to start looking at it. The feeling reminds me of learning "long division" at school - and failing miserably at it.

I had a similar fear of running machines until a couple of years ago. After several hilarious attempts to run on running machines in years gone by, I really couldn't figure out how people managed to let go of the sides without flying backwards across the room, desperately lunging for the machine... of course I eventually went back on one, and (after being placated by the nice girl in the gym), started running without missing a beat... I'm not sure if I was being brave because there was a nice looking girl teaching me, or if I just managed to have some co-ordination that day... it's a mystery. My better half will attest to my general lack of co-ordination. I cannot stand up and put socks on without typically crashing into the wall, or falling onto the bed.

Anyway. Lunchtime is ticking away, and I'm writing this complete load of introspective bilge. I need to do something productive... like go read my friends blogs 