---
title: Wiped Out
date: 2003-08-24
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I'm guessing that the people who lived here before wanted their garage base to survive a tactical nuclear strike.

For the last two days myself, my other half and my brother-in-law have been removing a concrete garage that the previous owners of our house built in the back garden. (I now have muscles on muscles)

While breaking, carrying and generally destroying the garage, I have learned a new level of fatigue. We have a skip on the drive of our house that is probably going to tip the lorry up that comes to collect it - or just cause it to do great wheelies... I'm sure it's going to be over the weight limit - the skip is like a car sized pile of pure concrete.

The one major disaster of the weekend was the hire of an industrial breaker's drill to use on the garage base. It was supposed to be able to handle 12 inches of solid concrete - but we're guessing they didn't mean the kind of concrete our garage was made of (the nuclear proof variety). After drilling for 5 minutes, none of it cracked, we made a small hole, and the drill bit blunted itself... We're guessing we are going to need to hire earth moving machinery to smash it up.

We also took down a huge fir tree in our garden today. I bought a felling axe, and had some serious fun learning how to use it. I have the blisters to show for a now expert axe-man skill. I could probably put on a viking helmet and cause death and destruction with the best of them - well, to trees anyway.

At the moment I am actually having trouble typing this because (a) my fore-arms are numb, and (b) I have the afore mentioned blisters on my left hand (the one that was holding the end of the axe before I realised I had bloody dripping in my fingers, and reverted to a big leather glove).

Jesus did those blisters hurt when I showered at the end of the day.

I think tomorrow is mainly going to be concerned with excavating the tree route out of the ground. I want to just burn the thing where it stands, then dig the ashes out, but I don't think I'm going to be allowed to do that somehow (and, being sensible, I don't think I want to try that either).

Anyway - I have just about had it, so am going to sign off for the moment.