---
title: 113960916143323903
date: 2006-02-10
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Before I start, I just want to say thankyou to all the people who left messages about the IVF stuff this week.

I was thinking about life in general today on the way to work - given the society that is pushed down our throat by the media, it's amazing (in the media's view) that (a) myself and W have not been split up by the IVF stuff, and (b) that neither of us has descended into alcohol or anything like that.

The media of course likes to paint the world in an "interesting" light. They are not interested in the normal people of this world who take the hand they are dealt and just accept it. That's too boring. They are not interested in the millions of couples who love each other, and who endure all kinds of hardships throughout their life in one way or another. The media love to see people fail, and if people succeed they love to find a way to tear them down.

If you carry the thought on, it makes you wonder about the people who read newspapers, and watch the "news". Do they have some kind of morbid curiosity to find out what went wrong in the world? (in order to make their screwups seem somehow less terrible).

I have real problems with the broadcast news. Their glass is always empty. How many news stories do you hear in a typical broadcast (or printed newspaper) that are good news ? On the television it's usually squashed into the last minute... perhaps I've just failed to notice somehow that it's me that's different, and everybody else in the world likes bad news.

I'm getting away from the subject here, aren't I.

I guess all I am saying is "Here's to all the normal people out there - the quiet ones who plug away each day at their normal life, and just try to get by and be the best they can".

Paraphrasing my father, think this the next time you see a celebrity, dimplomat, politician, president or somebody else that society deems more important than yourself...

"I expect their shit stinks too..."