---
title: Old Video Games
date: 2014-10-25
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I took the kids to the used video game store today, and we went a bit mad. I say "a bit mad", but in reality we spent the approximate cost of one next gen game, and that got us 8 old games, and 2 DVDs. Among the games, we got; Batman Arkam Origins for the XBox 360 (for me)Bioshock for the XBox 360 (for me)Bioshock Inifinite for the XBox 360 (for me)LEGO Star Wars for the Gamecube (for our eldest daughter)Mario Sports Mix for the Wii (for Miss 10, and Miss 9)Rainbow Islands for the DS (for our eldest daughter)Cooking Mama 3 for the DS (for Miss 10)Moshi Monsters Zoo for the DS (for Miss 9)I had no idea until this evening that there was a Bioshock 2 - the next time we pass the used game store I'll have to go look for it. When we got to the checkout, the guy took some time to gather it all together, and then commented "Wow - you have a lot of different game machines!". I replied "you have no idea" - and really, he didn't. At one point we had every major games machine of the last thirty years somewherein the house. We still have most of them, but sold a few when we needed money (I still regret selling the Playstation 2). I'm torn between starting to play Bioshock, or Batman. I am home alone tonight, so could do either. I usually don't get any chance to play video games at home because my other half tends to monopolise the TV on an evening, and I would just rather find something else to do rather than have a fight over it - which kind of explains why I'm always dicking around on the internet I suppose.