---
title: Sunday
date: 2021-05-30
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's been four days since I last emptied my head into the keyboard. Almost unheard of. A good friend mentioned earlier that she needs inspiration to write - I replied that in the past writing has often been my happy place. I guess a part of that comes from the chaos that typically surrounds me, and the solitude required to write. Finding a quiet room, and an hour to myself can sometimes be challenging.

This afternoon I'm sitting in the peace and quiet of the junk room (when not being summoned to help lift heavy things, or reach high-up things). We were out for most of the day at the final rugby fixture of the season - a "friendly" about half an hour from home. It seems odd calling it the "final" fixture, because there have only been a handful since lockdown restrictions were lifted somewhat. I wonder what the trickle-down effect of the pandemic will be over the next several years - for a generation of young people, twelve months has essentially been erased from their lives.

I re-started the "Couch to 5K" running programme last week, and everything went well through the first two runs - then somehow on Friday I managed to pull a muscle while reaching down to a clothes basket while hanging washing out, and did something to the achilles tendon on my right leg. It's a bit swolen, but strangely hurts more while walking than it does while running. I'll try stretching it over the next few days, and do the next few runs very slowly - to figure out if it's getting better or worse. If push comes to shove I'll get out on the bike instead of running for a while.

I watched the first episode of "Breaking Bad" late last night. I'm not really sure why I stayed so far away from it in the past - I guess part of it might be because it deals with drug culture. I've known people who fell into that world - it's almost like a switch flicks in my head when the subject comes up, and I immediately lose interest. Seeing Bryan Cranston shout "F*CK YOU, AND F*CK YOUR EYEBROWS" was pretty funny though.

In other news an entire ant civilization seems to be trying to establish a foothold in our kitchen. Unfortunately for them we are armed with all manner of poisons - which are now distributed in "traps" at strategic locations about the place. It's difficult - the first instinct is to exterminate them on-sight, but we really need them to take the poison back to the nest to wipe the rest out.

Anyway. I'm rambling.

If I haven't commented on your blog for a few days, I can only apologise - I've been "out of the loop" for the last few days. I will be back. I always return. I just don't always know how soon.