---
title: November
date: 2004-11-02
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Is it really the start of November already?

This year has flown by, hasn't it...

So, what have I been up to since I last wrote a Blog entry? This weekend we went to a Halloween party, which was brilliant fun. I dressed up as Frankenstein's monster (complete with skull cap and make-up), and W dressed up as a vampish witch. I'm sure car drivers that stopped near us at junctions probably did double takes 

It was a shame that nobody else from work went - the trouble is a lot of them are christians and probably regard Halloween as a pagan festival. I won't get into that whole argument now though - suffice to say they missed a great party.

Perhaps I'll start trying to convince the more pious people at work that I'm an athiest or something. If I believe in anything, it's probably that we percieve the world completely incorrectly. Science has big holes in it, and organised religion is quite frankly (in my opinion) not much better than Astrology.

Something to think about - studies funded by Microsoft always show Windows in a favourable light. Studies claiming the veracity of the Bible are always written by people who are religious.

It all reminds me of the scene in the book "Contact" by Carl Sagan - where the panel of international arbiters are choosing a candidate to go in the "machine" - and Elly (working on the SETI programme) is damned for not believing in God. It's a wonder they didn't have her tortured over a fire or something...

And you wonder how wars start....