---
title: Long Day
date: 2005-09-01
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's been a pretty long day today. I guess it felt longer than it should because I didn't go to bed until 1:30am last night.

I was up at 6:40am, and getting ready to go on-site at a client. I finally left the house at 8:10 and arrived on-site just before 10am. I worked there for three hours, and came straight back.

Got home at about 2:30, and the cleaner was here. I shouted "hello" as I walked in, and she shouted back. She was ironing in the kitchen. The weird thing (to me) was that she was doing it in complete silence... I don't think I CAN iron without either the TV or some music on.

While talking to her in the kitchen for a moment before leaving to carry on back to the office, I realised that actually our cleaner is really pretty. I get mixed thoughts when I notice somebody like that - usually along the lines of "what are you doing working as a cleaner?". Perhaps she's happy doing a humdrum job because it carries no stress. Who knows.

As I get older I find myself worrying less and less about other people - I think it's something you realise as you get older - that you can't solve other people's problems, and you can't tell them what to do either - so you just get on with your own life.

Anyway. Like I said... I'm tired.

Oh - before I finish, I have been uploading photos into Flickr - visit the URL below to have a look. Feel free to comment on any of them 

http://www.flickr.com/photos/jonbeckett73