---
title: The Days Are Falling Into Each Other
date: 2011-06-15
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

At the moment life feels like a set of revolving doors where you're pushing them round, but no exit is appearing, and you just keep pushing without really thinking too much about it. Mornings are a mad sprint every day to clothe, feed, and deliver the children to their respective schools, accompanied by whatever parafinelia they require on a given day. Days are spent continually headbanging, running flat out, and slowly slipping backwards against lists of requirements that stretch out of sight like Jack Kerouak's "The Road" (only without any fun bits). Evenings are mostly filled with washing up, tidying up, baths, bedtime stories, and garbage TV stretching into the early hours in an attempt to have some time to ourselves. It would be easy to become bitter and short tempered, and yet somehow we don't. That's not to say we don't come close sometimes though. This evening while eating dinner Little Miss Seven pulled her "can I have a drink" trick at the dinner table. This is code for "I'm not eating any of this crap you've put in front of me". I began raising my voice at her, and Wend cut me off " "take no notice of her". I could see what W wanted to shout at her written all over her face " it would have included lots of new words Anyway. The day is done. The children are in bed asleep, W is out at a school function, the chores are done, and I have a few hours to myself. Time to twiddle thumbs, and get sidetracked. I'm good at it. Before writing this I caught myself reading about the Fibbonaci Sequence (yes, really). I am my own worst enemy.