---
title: Nothing
date: 2017-05-28
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It has been a bank holiday in the UK today. I haven't achieved anything, other than a little tidying up, a little washing up, and a trip to the supermarket to buy food for my other half to cook for dinner. Apparently I bought all the wrong things.

It occurred to me yesterday that some people only comment on social media if they have something negative to share. They are never supportive, or encouraging. I do my best to ignore it, but I hate it. I suppose the fact that I have written this at all means my attempts to ignore it aren't working too well.

I'm back in the office tomorrow. I'm not entirely sure what I'll be working on yet. I'm trying not to think about it too much - I know I have a series of development projects approaching that will take me on the road once again, so I'm trying to just enjoy being home.

I'm sitting in the "junk room" writing this, on the old PC I re-inherited from our middle daughter. I re-installed it with Windows 7 late last night. It now appears to run Second Life without crashing all the time. That wasn't the only reason for re-installing it, honest.

Talking of Second Life - I logged in for the first time in a week last night, and immediately received instant messages from one or two people I've met there in the past. I'm starting to realise what the draw is with it - it really IS a second life - an escape. I can see how some people would be drawn into it like a slippery slope. Thankfully I have a pretty huge "can't be bothered" defect in my genome that stops me becoming too attached to anything.

In other news, I picked up some of the writing I did for NaNoWriMo last year, and started organising it in Scrivener. If you didn't see the posts at the time, I started writing an autobiography of sorts - filled with memories of childhood, and infant school. I'm wondering about continuing on with it when the mood strikes. I guess the secret will be to not commit to it - just leave it as a "quiet evening" activity. Maybe something to do while holed up in far-flung hotels.

Anyway. Coffee. I can hear the coffee pot calling.