---
title: Bottle Shock And Office Space Help Me Do Nothing On Purpose
date: 2011-07-15
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Last night I rediscovered the value of doing nothing. While there was washing up to be done, tidying up to be done, things to be put away, and various other things, instead I sat on the couch for most of the evening and watched movies - and I enjoyed it. First up was "Bottle Shock" - the true story of a fantastically snobbish sommelier (read: wine ponce) who travelled to the Napa Valley in 1976 in search of wines to take to a blind taste test in Paris against in his opinionthe far superior French wines. As per usual I spent the first few minutes of the movie spotting actors - "oh, that's the guy from Star Trek - and look there's Alan Rickman - and that's Bill Pullman!"... it is perhaps a signal of just how good the movie is I forgot all about that as I was swept into the story. I'm not going to ruin it for you. The movie was a reminder of how beautiful the Napa Valley is (we visited it a few years ago while staying with my cousin in San Rafael), and made us wish we had a bottle of Napa Valley Chardonnay to drink while watching. Next up was an old favourite - "Office Space". I found out about Office Space while listening to podcasts a few years ago - it never did well at the cinema, and has become something of a cult movie over the years. Everybody and anybody who has ever worked in a medium sized company gets sucked into the movie and spat out the other end. We've felt the character's pain. We've seen the same idiocy they have. We've lived their various hells through our own eyes... Too many brilliant quotes to mention; "Looks like you've been missing a lot of work...""Oh, I wouldn't say I've been missing it" "PC Load Letter? What the hell does PC Load Letter mean?" (it helps if you have ever used an HP laser printer, and faced this ridiculous error code) "It's not that I'm lazy - it's that I just don't care." Go. Watch it. Now.