---
title: Friday
date: 2021-04-16
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

The staycation is coming to an end. Friday has arrived, supported by coffee, and bacon sandwiches. I woke a little after 6am, then convinced myself to sleep for another hour. I'm not sure why I've been waking up so early recently. At least it gives me time to do this - write a few words - before the rest of the house appears.

Spotify is quietly humming away in the background - filling the room with a supposedly relaxing playlist. It sounds more like angst and longing to me.

Earlier this week I ventured out of the house for the first time in months - escorting my youngest daughter to meet some of her friends in a nearby town. We travelled by bus, wearing masks throughout the journey. Along the way I discovered that none of her circle of friends had correct phone numbers for each other, and none of them knew where they were, other than "on the bus". They had pre-arranged to meet at the bus station, and more by luck than judgement managed to do just that. I've begun to suspect that when together their common sense is far greater than the sum of their individual parts. The best part of the day? When they called each other after getting home, to make sure each other got home in one piece.

After waving goodbye to my daughter I wandered over to a used video game store, and picked up an arm-full of last generation video games. Ten old games for the price of a cinema ticket. I thought my middle daughter might have an accident when she saw the games (she has always been the gamer - her sisters not-so-much).

While on the subject of electronics, I resurrected a laptop yesterday - robbing parts from two old laptops to make one half-decent one. It's sitting on the desk next to me, with a fresh install of Manjaro Linux installed. When I summon some enthusiasm later, I'll finish installing it. My youngest daughter walked in while two of the laptops were in pieces across the desk - with circuit boards and screws everywhere. She recoiled in horror - "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"

Thankfully I'm pretty good at putting things back together.

Late last night I got sucked into watching a few episodes of "Chicago Fire" with my other half. I did a double take when some cast members from "Chicago Med" showed up in an episode - apparently there are several series that cross story-lines on a regular basis - among them PD, Fire, Med, and Justice. One particular story crossed three of the shows in consecutive episodes. I love it when TV shows do things like that.

Anyway.

I think it's time for another coffee.