---
title: Trying
date: 2022-10-25
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

How has it been a week since the last time I wrote in the blog? How does this keep happening? In the past I wrote almost every day. How is that possible? What did I find to write about, and how did I find time to write?'

It's about forming habits - and I seem to have fallen out of the habit of writing. Of course whenever I worry about not having written for a while, a torrent of words results. Maybe I just need to stop worrying about it and just get on with putting one foot in front of the other.

If in doubt, always put one foot in front of the other.

A few months ago I wrote about a strange feeling of being 'in-between' everything. I couldn't put my finger on it then, and I can't now. It's a strange sort of feeling - a little lost, a little tired, a little confused - all wrapped up in a strange sort of fog.

I bought a writing pad a couple of weeks ago with ideas of sitting down and using it as a paper journal. Perhaps to clear the fog a little. I still haven't written a single thing in it. I'm still only three episodes into the Lord of the Rings TV series too. The young 'harfoot' character reminds me so much of an old friend - to the point that I lose track of the story while watching. Isn't it funny how we sometimes see elements of those we know in others?

Anyway.

I need to go help sort something out for dinner. I'll try and write again soon. I can't promise I'll have much to share, but I'll try.