---
title: Anglesey
date: 2024-06-15
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

After a somewhat epic journey across the country during the day, we arrived on the island of Anglesey late this afternoon. Along the way we battled through just about everything the heavens could throw at us -- rain, sunshine, wind, thunder, and everything in-between.

We stopped a little over half-way to explore a National Trust property -- Attingham Park. We had only planned on stopping for a cup of tea and something to eat in the cafe, but arrived during an unexpected break in the weather, so explored the walled gardens and house. Think Highclere (Downton), but a little less grand.

A couple of hours further on we crossed the Menai Strait, and started reading from printed instructions -- winding through country lanes, past this pub, turning at that corner, until we finally turned through stone gate-posts, along a gravel track, and discovered our home for the next week -- a cosy cottage hidden away from the road, surrounded by an orchard, with views out over the Irish sea.

After unpacking and settling in we wandered down to the sea and walked a beach on our own -- tip-toeing through an assortment of washed up seaweed, jellyfish and mermaid's purses. At the far end of the beach a metal detectorist carefully made his way this way and that. A young couple with a dog arrived a few minutes later.

On the walk back we stopped at the local pub, grabbed something to eat and drink, and sat outside watching waves break out at sea. We'll be returning over the coming days.

Tonight we're holed up in the cottage, with a log on the fire, a good book, and a bottle of wine to share.

It all seems very odd -- this not running to the next thing, and the next. It will take some getting used to.