---
title: Thursday
date: 2022-04-21
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

How is it Thursday already? What happened to the first half of the week? Why do I have a headache? Is three cups of coffee before 11am a good idea? Is the coffee the reason for the headache?

So many questions.

The household has fallen remarkably quiet this morning - leaving me at my desk in the junk room to get on with work. The rest of the household except my eldest daughter have gone to a theme park for the day. A belated birthday present for our youngest daughter.

After a week filled with the "conversations" of teenage girls rattling around the house, the silence is almost deafening.

Silence. That means the washing machine has finished.

In other news, I appear to have made a new friend this morning. This is as rare as rocking horse shit. There I was, minding my own business, when a random message appeared from somebody I crossed paths with on the internet some time ago.

It's tempting - when somebody new comes along - to "unload like Chunk" on them (you have to see Goonies to get that, sorry). I remember years ago I made the mistake of asking a friend of a friend "so what do you do then?", and was treated to a good chunk of her biography over the next half an hour. Don't get me wrong - it was interesting - but... a bit much maybe?

So yes. I'm sitting on my hands today, resisting the urge to get through the whole "get to know you" thing as fast as possible.

Wouldn't it be great if we could just send people we meet a link to an about page, and say "this will save you half an hour".

I wonder if the domain halfanhoursaved.com is available?