---
title: Recovery
date: 2021-11-18
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

After going into surgery to repair her broken leg on Monday morning, Miss 16 came home on Tuesday afternoon. For the next few days she has swapped bedrooms with her older sister - who's bedroom is downstairs. While she can in-theory walk on the repaired leg, doing so is as much a matter of confidence as pain management.

She's on the maximum dose of paracetamol and ibuprofen at the moment - taking them on a strict schedule throughout the day. As the days roll by we will be reducing them, then eradicating them entirely.

Most of yesterday was spent hobbling around the house on crutches - trying out strategies for doing things on her own. Simple tasks such as going to the toilet have become a logistical exercise that have informed clothing decisions in the interests of making life easy. Making a cup of tea is still out-of-reach due to the unexpected barrier of retrieving an opened milk bottle from the fridge and carrying it to the kitchen counter without spilling it (we have milk in glass bottles - we still live in the 1950s).

Yesterday evening, confounding all of us, she visited Rugby practice. Not to play obviously - just to show her face. I imagine there was a fair amount of attention seeking going on, but the reaction of the coaches and players was fantastic. Some of them couldn't believe what they were seeing having witnessed the injury on Sunday - only three days before.

In other news, I bit the bullet late yesterday and started out on a task that I've been meaning to do for several years but avoided due to the drudgery of it - resetting all of my online passwords. I now have no idea what any of the passwords are for any of the services I use. I do however know the master password - not written down anywhere - for a database in the cloud containing the passwords.

It took hours. You really don't appreciate how many accounts you accrue around the internet until you re-visit them all. I'm sure there are more - I used the browser as my guide. Most modern internet browsers can compare logons against hacked databases to tell you how many of your passwords are out there in the wild.

Anyway. 

My coffee break is coming to an end. Time to post these words to the internet, and retreat back under my stone until tomorrow. In a strange sort of way the chaos unfolding at home this week has provided a wonderful break from all things related to the internet. A reminder that life exists away from the screen.