---
title: First Blog Of 2004
date: 2004-01-13
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Can you really believe that I have not put an entry in my blog this year so far?

The first part of January has flown by for me so far - busy both at home and at work. Myself and indychick were only talking last night about the prospect of saying no to invitations for a while to give us time to rest and fix the house up... we have basically done nothing to it for a year now.

On a completely different note, I've decided that I will be running in the Marlow 5 (5 mile running race) this year, after not taking part last year. The race isn't until May, so I have just started training... "from little acorns" as they say...

I went to the gym last night and amazed myself at being able to run a couple of miles on the treadmill without completely dying. I then went on the exercise bikes and found I could do interval training with them on their highest level  Mind you - when I looked across in the mirrors at the size of my legs against the size of everybody elses, it suddenly became obvious why I find cycling so easy  I guess it's the result of riding a bike to and from work every day.

I still can't figure out why I find the stepping machines so damn difficult. 10 minutes nearly killed me. I think it's got something to do with me being over 6 feet tall, and not really fitting on them very well. Incredibly, I found the steppers more difficult than running.

Anyway - I'm supposed to be getting on with my work, so will finish my coffee and get back to it!