---
title: More News
date: 2006-10-23
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I have more news on the friend who collapsed yesterday - he is conscious, but still in hospital. The news is third hand so may well be wrong in many ways. I'm not going to go into details of what apparently happened because that's obviously private to him and his family.

The thing that has interested me today is the reaction to my previous post by so many people about my lack of faith in any great diety.

I started to wonder why religious people who hold a strong faith in their beliefs put so much effort into promoting their faith? I then recalled that very nearly all belief based organisations (and this isn't just religions) try to indoctrinate their members in the same behaviour - to "preach the gospel" as the various Churches call it. One of the central tennets of any organisation concerning mind-view or belief is that "to show your faith you must spread the word". In modern terms, it's viral marketing.

If pressed I would have to admit to being amazed that in an educated, modern society there are still so many people who believe in any sort of diety, or in any sort of intelligent design. Perhaps as more children are educated in an open manner (without having a particular belief system forced upon them by their parents or tutors), a very different society will result. It may already be happening; there is a correlation between the standard of education and the attendance number of churches across the world.

Think about the sentiments of that last paragraph carefully. If you believe in any diety (be that a god, or gods), then you also believe in intelligent design - by definition you cannot believe evolution is in any way correct (you cannot have it both ways) If you don't see the tremendous chasm that opens, then this post will be completely lost on you - and your comments will illustrate your close minded attitude.