---
title: Wiped Out
date: 2006-10-25
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Following yet another evening of running ragged in the pursuit of a house that doesn't resemble a rubbish tip quite so closely, and lifting the spirits of a better half who has been ill for weeks, I am completely wiped out.

So far this evening I have been out shopping twice - once for milk, once for "cheer up W goodies". The washing machine is running through it's second load, with a third, fourth and fifth queued up in various piles around the house, and the dishwasher is running.

I am putting off an attack on the various mountains of paperwork that are towering at various locations around the house. I floated the idea of an "in tray" in the kitchen a couple of months ago, but since then about 8ft of brochures, letters, junkmail, newspapers, knitting patterns, bank statements, invoices, reminder letters and so on have accumulated.

If ever the phrase "stop the world, I want to get off" was valid, it would have to be today.

Looking at my watch, it is 9:50pm at the time of writing, and the evening has already gone. The one hilight so far has been my daily catch-up with my best friend. We try to run into each other at least once each day, and generally provide a listening post to vent our frustrations, worries, and stories of the day. It's a strange friendship in a way - although we have met in the real world (she visited England last summer), we have a strangely "modern" friendship - our primary connection is through the internet. E-mail, text chat, voice chat, and webcams are our day to day link, and it somehow works.

There are so many things I would like to be doing with the remainder of my evening. Reading books, playing chess, maybe even finding the time to play a computer game - and yet I am sat here writing self centered drivel into this blog.

Why do I write this? Is it a conversation with myself, or with an imaginary audience? Would my voice be missed if I stopped ? (which I have no intention of doing, incidentally)...

Perhaps tomorrow will bring renewed energy, and renewed motivation. The same tomorrow that I will stay up late avoiding the start of.