---
title: Down
date: 2006-10-08
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I have been sat here for a while, trying to think of something to write about. I feel like I need to write about something, and keep the blog going in at least some shape or form...

Perhaps the lack of inspiration is down to having a bad cold, and having been sat in my pyjamas and robe all day, huddled either on the couch or in front of the computer with a succession of cups of lemon tea, or various sweet foods to try and force feed my body with some energy.

It's looking incredibly unlikely that I'll find my way into the office in the morning. This is a bad time to be ill - we are racing towards yet another deadline at work, and every day is needed. I may end up working from home.

As I write this I find myself battling with the urge to sneeze, only the urge is hovering around and not growing strong enough to cause a sneeze to happen. It's making my eyes close. How strange is that?

I am listening to Folk Alley - an internet radio station that strikes a nice balance between the funk of chill-out ambient music, and rock music. I like folk music. I like the idea of singer-songwriters telling their story through song. I respect their talent enormously... (I have trouble hitting any note at all... my singing could probably be classified as a weapon under the Geneva convention).

So there you go. I'm not doing good tonight. Hopefully my body will rally overnight and I'll be better tomorrow. Hopefully.