---
title: Man Down
date: 2013-10-04
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

The virus that has swept our house for the last few days caught up with me this morning. Given that the team in the office is relatively small at times, it makes more sense to stay away if we're not wellto reduce the risk of spreading viruses futher, and to reduce the risk of bugs in the code.

You might think I'm jokingyou wouldn't believe the crap code that can be written if your brain isn't working properlyI spent an hour yesterday afternoon looking for a bug that turned out to be one letter in the middle of a few hundred lines of code. I couldn't even get the debugging tools to narrow it down for me, and resorted to printing the code out and going through it line by line on paper. I haven't done that for maybe ten years.

So here I am, sitting in the study at home, wrapped in warm clothes, trying to stay away from daytime television. I'm typing this into a text editor because I don't trust myself to do anything complicated at the moment. I'm tempted to go and squirt some "First Defence" up my nose, but know it will make we wretch violentlyit works wonderfully, but tastes like Satan's Snot.

I'm not used to being here on my own. It's odd. Normal days begin at first light, and continue apace until long after midnight. Take yesterday as an example; after falling out of bed and racing to make breakfasts and lunches, I cycled to work and headbutted the desk all day long (as evidenced by the above debugging shenanigans), and then after returning home turned straight round to take our eldest daughter to her dance class. An hour later I was there again to pick her up, then home to eat dinner, wash up, help eldest make cakes, wash up again, and finally clear the kitchen. Somehow the sink was full of stuff again at 7am this morning.

If you ever find me standing on a street corner, jibbering nonsensically about washing up, you'll at least have some idea why.

Maybe a cup of Rooibos tea will help clear the fog ?