---
title: Single Handed Saturday
date: 2011-04-18
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

W headed off to spend the day and greater part of the evening with her Mum mid-morning " leaving me in charge of the little maniacs for the remainder of the day and evening. What have we accomplished so far? We've played 2032 games of badminton in the back garden We've played football on the green outside the house We've eaten leftovers for lunch We walked into town to acquire supplies for this evening Unwritten rule of "single handed saturdays" " if Dad is in charge, Saturday night is movie night. The walk into town would have been fairly swift if a certain ten year old hadn't decided (following my refusal to buy her an easter egg in the supermarket) that her legs didn't work any more. She scuffed her feat, dragged her toes, and painted a face that looked very much like a sad clown the entire way home. I took no notice. I'm not entirely sure which movie we'll all be watching this evening, but it's going to be accompanied by "cheesy chips", and vast quantities of popcorn. The children's ability to consume such incredible quantities of popcorn ever ceases to amaze me. Of course it didn't help that I got up at 7am to watch the F1 qualifying from China this morning " particularly after monkeying around with a Linux installation on one of our old netbooks at 2am last night. In other news, I'm writing this using PyRoom on Ubuntu 11.04 on the Dell laptop. I've been shocked " Ubuntu has turned into a beast every bit as impressive as OSX on the Apple computers. Granted, it's taken a little knowhow here and there to make it work correctly, but overall it's pretty amazing.