---
title: On Vacation
date: 2011-04-21
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Just a short update today (sort of inspired by a close online friend asking after me on Tumblr). Yes, I am on vacation " only for a few days, but a few well chosen days that fit in well with both my work schedule, and the various bank holidays around Easter. We survived a fantastic trip to Legoland yesterday " I guess we should be thankful that we live so close to it, but it's like anything else " you never appreciate the things you have on your doorstep. It only really hit home when friends made through the various social networks started making comments on the photos I posted yesterday. Apparently there are only three Legoland sites in the world " and we live half an hour's drive from one of them. Today has been a much slower day " playing with the children, tidying the house, and sorting out old clothes, shoes, and various other brick-a-brack to either be given away, or taken to the charity shop in town. In opposition to many people around here, we give our old childrens clothes away " unlike many who try to sell them. Perhaps that's why they have big hulking 4 wheel drive monsters, and we have our little second hand people carrier? At least we feel good about giving the things away " and this evening a lovely lady that picked a bag of clothes up gave us a bottle of wine " win! While writing this I'm waiting for "Linux Mint" to install on the netbook. I had been trying out Ubuntu 11.04, but it had all manner of issues with wireless networking " probably because it's still in beta. My own fault for trying something out before I should, I guess. I'm told Mint is a pretty polished distribution of Linux, so we'll wait and see. Expect screenshots if it goes well, and ranting invective if it goes badly. I had to partition the drive manually, which could easily go horribly wrong. It feels weird that today is Thursday. Normally I would have been at work today.