---
title: Tired
date: 2024-03-08
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

How has an entire week passed since I last wrote anything in the blog?

I've been burning the candle at both ends this week - trying to fit the impossible into each day. Running, washing dishes, folding clothes, tidying up, launching a new website, transferring that website to a new server, fighting fires with it, dealing with legions of new users, and then of course work - where a huge new project has started rolling.

You know when you get so tired you can't sleep? That.

I keep turning things over in my head - jumping from subject to subject to subject. Have I done this? Did I remember to do that? Do they need this? Do I need to do that? It's endless.

Just to top the week off I've caught a bad cold. Probably caught while commuting to the office earlier in the week. I got up at 5:30am that day, after falling into bed after midnight.

I really am my own worst enemy.

In the middle of everything, I'm conscious that I've fallen out of the loop of friends - both in the real world and online. I need to try and catch up this weekend. Be present. I've been absent for days. Weeks in some cases.

I need to call my parents too. And my cousin. I haven't called her for weeks.

I'm just trying to re-wind through the week in my head. We went to see Dune Part Two at a special screening. Wonderful, wonderful movie. I had an interesting conversation with a friend about different people's reaction to the story. Turns out not everybody likes it - and for depressingly predictable reasons.

Anyway.

I promised myself I would come to bed and read a book. I'm now writing this. Go figure.