---
title: Sunday
date: 2024-03-11
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's already Monday morning. I'm playing the age old game of avoiding tomorrow by making today last longer. It's been a bit of a weekend.

The project I've been tinkering with during the evenings over the last few weeks kind of collapsed in on itself this weekend - or rather, it became a victim of it's own success. I've been building a website - for people that mess around with flight simulators to take part in a fictional airline - where aircraft can be scheduled, and flights flown all over the world. The aircraft can get damaged, can run late, fuel costs money, maintenance costs money - you get the idea. A potted simulation of flying an aircraft in the real world.

It was all so much fun - until the hosts of the internet machinery it was sitting on decided it looked far too much like a denial of service attack happening, so pulled the plug on everything I've been working towards for the last several years.

So yes. That's how I spent my entire weekend - fighting virtual fires to appease the web hosting gods.

Not the entire weekend though.

Last night we went out to a fund-raiser for the local radio station. A quiz night. A quiz night run by people that had never run a quiz before. It's perhaps worth mentioning that I ran quizes throughout the pandemic for family, friends, and co-workers - and kind of figured out how to run a relaxed quiz where nobody questions anything, where no rounds are unfair, and where everybody thinks they did alright. That didn't happen last night.

Did I mention yet that I've been sick all weekend?

I'm on the mend now (I think), but yes - I've been generating colossal quantities of snot all weekend - or rather the inner workings of my nose has. I hate being sick - it gets in the way of all the things I would rather be doing. I rarely let it stop me entirely - because I'm stupid like that - but still... it's annoying.

I've been drinking tea with honey in it all day today. A health hack of sorts. We'll know by tomorrow morning if it's worked at all. I wonder if we have any Vics anywhere?

Anyway.

Perhaps I really should think about going to bed. Busy week ahead. Yes, I know - every week is busy if you make it so. I'd rather be busy than bored though.

Oh - I didn't catch up with friends, like I promised myself I would. I need to fix that.