---
title: The Maelstrom Abates
date: 2015-06-05
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

This week has flown past in the way that immovable objects don't tend to - which sounds like a Douglas Adams line until you rewind back to my view of the week ahead on Monday morning, where/when pretty much everything looked like an immoveable object. I somehow juggled two projects all week. It feels like I started the week running like mad, and ended the week crawling over the finish line. I bought pizza and cider on the way home. I saw the box of cider in the Supermarket, and thought "that looks like a really good idea, but I'm not sure if I can carry 12 cans all the way home - that's going to be heavy". I put them in the basket. Then while wandering towards the checkouts, I thought "there's no way I can just get the cider - I have to get something for the kids" - so picked up a 6 pack of Sprite too. The basket was visibly flexing in my hand. I have no clue how I got home carrying the shopping bags. With half a mile left I was adjusting the bags in my fingers every few yards to allow blood through. Needless to say I made it, and began washing up, tidying up, and cooking (if you can call warming pizzas up cooking). The kids are in bed already. It's just heading towards 10pm. Well... I say "in bed", but Miss 14 is probably repeating incantations to cause us all to fall into a deep, dark hole in the ground. She's had a crappy week, and has been pretty determined to pull us all into the downward spiral with her. At least it's the weekend. On account of our car being a bit broken at the moment, my other half is getting a lift to a football tournament tomorrow with our youngest. I've promised to do something with the other kids - although at this point I have no idea what. First thought was cinema, but there are no good movies out - they all arrive next week to coincide with the US schools finishing for summer. Maybe we'll go bowling for the afternoon. Enough of this ridiculous monologue. Time to go watch something mindless on the TV, or fire up a video game.