---
title: Running
date: 2015-06-16
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

My eldest daughter has asked if I will go running with her. To be honest, it's the perfect excuse to force me back into running again. Before we had children I used to try and run every other dayusually either a 3 mile, or 5 mile lap around town early in the morning before work.

Of course this time I'm going to have to fit in with the schedule of a nearly 15year old girlleaving the house at 6 in the morning to go for an hour run (or half an hour to start with)in order to be back in time for her to have a shower, dry her hair, get dressed, and have breakfast before school. Never mind that I'll have to get home and make everybody's breakfasts, everybody's lunches, wash up, and then pack my own bagI'm quietly hoping that this won't be a flash in the pan. I'm guessing she has asked about running because she knows damn well that eating junk is having an effect on her figure (even at 14, she can see the result of sitting on her ass all day). If so, I need to make sure I start gently, and don't destroy her immediately. If we only run a mile for the first few times, it will be enough. If we even stretch that out to three, four, or five miles as she gets older, I'll be really pleasedboth for her and me.

I remember running six miles on a morning without any real trouble at all. I really enjoyed the loop back towards home, and passing through the high street as the various delivery trucks arrived, with newspapers, milk, beer, or whatever else arriving along the high-street.

Fingers crossed this isn't a one-off-thing, and she realisesthat changing the shape of her bodywill require hours of bitterlyhard work,and that it's worth it. If so,we've done something right for a change.