---
title: Lumia 640
date: 2015-06-27
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I finally got the chance this afternoon to switch my phone handset. I traded in the LG G3 that I've been using for the last six months or so, and replaced it with a Microsoft Lumia 640. Goodbye 600 handset, hello 120 handset. It was supposed to be a straightforward transaction - take the old phone in, wipe it, get the new handset, and put my SIM in it. That's not quite how it worked out.

I walked into the 3 Store (the network I use is called "3"), and asked if they had any Lumia 640s in stock. Immediate yes. Are they SIM-Free? Immediate blank look, followed by conversation with the senior guy on the shop floor. Yes. Can I trade this handset in right now then, and take a new handset away with me? No. In a piece of logic I couldn't quite fathom, I would not be able to trade in my handset at the store - they would send it away, and send me a new one. Ridiculous.

"Ok. I'm going to the store down the road then, because they will give me the same price you have offered, and do the trade-in there and then."

"Ok"

And that was the end of that. I walked from the store, through the shopping arcade, and into the afore mentioned store. Ten minutes later the transfer was complete. I know the guy that works in the store because he's handled my last couple of phone handsets - he seemed genuinely amused that the 3 store couldn't do over-the-counter trade-ins. I factory-reset my old handset, took the SIM and memory card out, and it went into a jiffy bag, never to be seen again.

Within moments of powering on the handset, and filling in my account information, it lit up like a Christmas tree with email - and a text. A text from my other half.

"Where are you?"

"Stood outside Primark - Laura is buying clothes"

I called back - my "freedom" was up - I had to get back to get the kids from the local school, where my other half was presenting a training session for all the parents that will be helping with the local summer camp this year (she's one of the people that runs the whole thing).

Having installed all the usual apps on the phone, it's currently charging. I doubt I will use it for the remainder of the day - I'll let it trickle charge on it's first drink of electricity since leaving the Microsoft factory when it was born.

I'll let you know how it goes over the coming days, weeks, and months.