---
title: 830Am On Sunday
date: 2012-06-24
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I can't believe I'm up so early on a Sunday. I also can't believe it's been a week since I last wrote in the blog. I guess I could explain it away by being buried in a big development project at work, and the usual mayhem at home, but that wouldn't be the entire truth, because several evenings this week I got home with little or no energy left, and sat on the couch all evening. It's surprising how much software development takes out of you sometimes.

Let's turn the week into bullet points, to avoid this turning into an essay; Our eldest went on school trip to Dartmoor, returning on Friday night. We were all suprised how much we missed her. On Friday evening friends visited for pizza and a moviethey brought amazing pizzas with them, and we put "Bottle Shock" on the TV. Wonderful movie, wonderful friends, and wonderful food. Saturday (yesterday) just didn't stopwent to "contact" with the children in the morning, then on to TGI Friday's for a surprise lunch, and then the local department store. We came away with a new digital video recorder / satellite receiver, and a new WiFi router. We buy the most exciting stuff. Last night I wiped Windows from my long suffering Netbook, and replaced it with the latest build of Google Chromium OS (the open source variant of the OS installed on Google Chromebook laptops). This morning we were up at 7ameldest heading out with her Mum to a football tournament near Oxford. It's the first time W has taken her to football (and watched), and she didn't seem very excited about the prospect. She doesn't "do" football at all (although saying that, neither do I really). The younger children appeared a little after 8 and were informed there would be no television today following their performance at bedtime the night before last. They were warned. They are now playing some indecipherable game in the playroom involving the dolls house, an angry schoolteacher, and a collection of small plastic monsters. It's best not to ask.

It would appear thatfor the first time in agesSunday is my own. If only it wasn't tipping down with rain outside