---
title: School Fundraiser
date: 2011-05-08
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I'm ever so slightly hung-over this morning after drinking the best part of an entire bottle of red wine to myself at the school fundraiser last night. There was a time when I could have drunk a bottle to start the night off, a bottle to end the night, with ridiculous amounts of other things consumed inbetween. That was a time when I was single though, drank regularly, and was good at it. Not so any more. The whole evening could have been made a lot more simple if people had just been asked to stump up a cheque, and go home again. Instead of that the family of a girl at school who own an Italian restaurant in town hosted an "Italian Night" in the school hall, with tables set out for the parents. It's quite interesting " looking around at events like last night, to see who is on which tables. You can pretty much figure out which tables have the money, and that almost dictates the social hierarchy too. They roughly fall into a few groups; Those that have serious money, but you would never know unless you know people like them. They are the nicest people in the room, without exception. Those that are obsessed with making money, wear label clothes, are loud, and like to be seen. The plebs. The burbs. Call them what you will. Us. Normal people, scrabbling to survive the mayhem from one day to the next, helping each other, sacrificing things for each other, and getting by. So anyway. Survived the night. It was uneventful really. One thing that really annoyed the hell out of me " they had this quiz to keep people occupied, and a few of the answers were wrong. I didn't kick up a fuss, but still Casanova's first name is Giacomo, not Giancarlo idiots. There were several other similar wrong answers. Why hold a quiz when you have not checked the answers ? Anyway. "Nothing Sunday" is waiting for me. A day of doing nothing on purpose. I've been looking forward to it.