---
title: Be Bold Be Mighty
date: 2011-05-07
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I continue to struggle with sharing on the internet. For the last several years I have based my thoughts on the writing being primarily for me " a record of my days for our children to look back on when I am gone and know who I was, what I thought about things, what my dreams were, my fears, and my hopes. While writing a "traditional blog" " essentially a public journal " this plan was fine; the writing got published, the occasional person stumbled across it, and life went on. I'm no longer writing a "traditional blog" though; by taking part in communities such as Tumblr, the line drawn between it being "about me", and "about others" has almost been erased " and it opens a can of worms. The problem isn't perhaps the content on our own interaction with either our own content, or the content published by others, but the perception of our interactions. I will typically only "friend" people on social networks such as Tumblr because they share interesting, original, or thought provoking content with the community. If they happen to be the opposite sex, no eyebrows may be raised " if they also happen to be attractive, the cynical part of me says people will pause. If I "like" or comment on any kind of candid or explicit photo, I can almost feel attention turning towards me " and yet I also know that it's either unfounded, or should be completely ignored. What is so wrong in telling somebody that you like their photo? Where is the harm in speaking your mind, and telling somebody that they look great, lifting them when they are down, laughing with, or sympathising? It doesn't always mean there is any great plan behind the words, and yet we worry about the perception of our actions. Perhaps it's time to forget about perception, and to be true to ourselves. Goethe said "be bold, and might forces will come to your aid" Be bold. Be mighty.