---
title: Thursday In London
date: 2011-05-05
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

(transcribed from the Moleskine that I sat scribbling in after arriving an hour early this morning) Sat in a coffee shop next door to the Microsoft Building near Victoria Station in London. It's still only 8:20am. I must be mad. The alarm went off on my mobile at 5:30am this morning, and I woke instantly. I always forget how loud it is " it probably woke up everybody in the house for a few moments. Thankfully I got my clothes ready last night " meaning the morning routine was over very quickly indeed " I even had time to feed the chickens. It must have made a pretty funny site actually " a guy in a shirt and tie, stood in the middle of the chicken run, filling their food and water up at 6am Looking around the coffee shop, I'm wondering how many of these people are headed towards the building above " how many of them are Microsoft staff? At the table sat next to me a South African and a Frenchman are talking animatedly about something tremendously exciting (well to them at least). A small lady behind them is engrossed in a trashy novel. Next to her is a businessman sat staring into space. A typical "Sloane" just wandered towards me, carrying her coffee with a pen in her mouth. An expensive fountain pen. She looks like she's en route to judge a gymkhana. At the far end of the cafe there is a beautiful girl reading the newspaper. The businessmen near her keep stealing glances " checking her out. She reminds me of Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio. An old businessman has started arguing with a member of staff at the checkout about his order. He's jesticulating wildly in the manner of George W Bush " karate chopping as he makes his tremendously important point. He has scruffy grey hair and looks like he's chewing wasps. The barista is still smiling despite him. So 20 minutes to go. Will some kind of alarm go off in the Microsoft building when I walk in? Will they detect Ubuntu on my netbook as I pass the "great seal", and eject me from the building ? Let's find out