---
title: On My Own Terms
date: 2011-05-21
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Following the destruction and re-creation of the blog, I have been busy this evening putting various pieces of internet chicanery back in place. Rebuilding the house of cards until the next wolf comes along to blow it down. Given the mangle I've pretty much put myself through over the last few weeks, and particularly the last 24 hours, I'm stating up-front what you might expect from me this time around My blog will be about me; my life, my hopes, my fears, my dreams, my ideas, my opinions. It will sometimes be about the children, being a parent, doing a brainiac job, being tired, being happy, being angry, or sometimes just "being". I will not be taking part in memes. No more idiotic photos of my eyeballs, my face, my hands or indeed my ass. I will actively stop following people who seek attention through either flashing their body (no matter how aesthetically pleasing), or playing the victim all the time. I am an optimistic person at heart, and I'm not going to let others drag me down. I'm not going to follow anywhere near as many people, and I'm not going to post as often as I have been. It's going to be more about quality, and more about really reading those I choose to. For those interested in how the blog finds it's way out onto the internet, I've reconstructed essentially the same elements I used in the past; Posts are written in email, in markdown format, and sent to Posterous Posterous hopefully transforms the markdown text into beautifully formed HTML Posterous publishes the post, and then auto-posts out to the four corners of the world. The destinations are as follows; Posterous WordPress Tumblr Blogger