---
title: Working Through Lunch
date: 2011-05-10
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It only occurred to me late this afternoon when I received an email from a new friend that I had worked straight through lunch. The email rapidly turned into an IM conversation, and has served as a reminder that I should kick back more often. Yesterday I write in my notebook as an excuse to kick back, and wondered how long I would keep that idea up for. I forgot to bring the notebook today. This is typical of me. Full of ideas, but lacking perseverence (although I do have 8 years worth of blog archives, so I did stick at that at least). The new friend is "Cynical Jess" " one of a raft of new acquaintances made through Tumblr recently. I'm not sure what I've been doing differently other than "being there", but I've been deluged in the last couple of weeks " about 50 new people have started following my posts, with more appearing every morning. I am reliably informed that I could employ devious tactics to further deluge myself with people I hardly know, and who's names I cannot remember. A "VLOG" " a video of myself talking to the camera in the same manner as Michael Caine in Alfie. I should take this opportunity to say thankyou to anybody who reads the words I splurge across the internet. It doesn't really matter if you read me at Posterous, Tumblr, Blogger, or WordPress " it's still the same person behind the keyboard, camera, or notebook. Still the same person that will always reply to an email, an IM, and will always love getting to know you. At the end of the day this is all about us, isn't it. The words are an excuse to find each other, to connect, and to share a little of ourselves with each other.