---
title: Contents Of The Bag Of Holding
date: 2011-05-19
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I've posted the inventory of my bag several times over the years " ever since I began the great commuting adventure in London, and found myself carrying a train journey survival kit of sorts. It's interesting looking back " to see what has changed. The Nintendo DS has gone, as has the iPhone, and the magazines. Here's what's left; Rothco Messenger Bag Found while surfing online for an unassuming messenger bag to carry a (then) new netbook around in " apparently this is the same model of bag carried by Jack Bauer in "24" (I've never seen a single episode). ASUS EEE 1005P Netbook Bought last autumn from the final proceeds of freelance work. It's not the fastest computer on the planet, but it lasts for hours, and fits on coffee shop tables perfectly. It dual boots into either Windows or Ubuntu I invariably run Ubuntu just to cause raised eyebrows. Amazon Kindle I bought myself and my other half a Kindle each last Christmas. She uses hers every day " mine gets used perhaps once or twice a week. The Kindle is our attempt to stop buying so many paper books. It's working. Filofax I hardly ever use it any more, but can't bring myself to either give it away, or throw it away. It doesn't even have this years calendar in it (I rely on Google Calendar). Moleskine Notebook I go through fads with this. Sometimes late at night I will doodle in it (typically while listening to music), other times I will hook it out on long train journeys, and record thoughts and observations to pass the time. Novel " Generation X A hangover from the days before the Kindle " one of the books from the stack that I'm trying to make time to read (if I could ever wrench myself away from the Tumblr dashboard, it might stand more chance of getting finished). Sansa Clip+ MP3 Player After uninstalling the iPhone and iTunes from my life about 18 months ago, I have been using this little MP3 player for music and podcasts on-the-go. It accompanies me on my bike every morning and evening, and lasts for tens of hours on a charge. It rules. MyPassport External Hard Drive 250Gb of portable storage. It's usually full of ripped DVDs from home to amuse me during hotel stays (I object to paying for crappy hotel movies). Assortment of USB devices, and Memory Sticks A 3G Dongle (which I'm cancelling soon), SDHC memory cards, a bluetooth USB dongle, and various other doodads you never know when they might be useful. HTC Desire Mobile Phone This lives in a trouser pocket normally, but I'm listing it anyway. It replaced the Blackberry Curve, which had in turn replaced the iPhone. I've become almost ambivalent towards mobile phones; it does the job. It runs Android Froyo, and the various Google apps work really well on it. So there you go. The contents of my bag. What's in your bag?