---
title: Facebook Funny Cats And Macintoshes
date: 2011-05-25
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I meant to sit quietly and write something this lunchtime " really, I did. Before I knew it, the web had quietly sidled up to me, and started whispering interesting things into my brain. Things like the new Tumblr directory (which doesn't appear to have launched just yet), the new razor thin EEE PC (want!), and various old friends popping up in Facebook to say hello. This internet malarky is getting out of hand. I wonder if the guys at DARPA realised all those years ago that so many of us plebs would use it in the way we do? Sharing thoughts, ideas, opinions, and funny cat videos Talking of funny cat videos, our eldest daughter (11 later this year!) vanished this morning into her room for quite some time " the same time she should have been spending getting ready for school. W has suspected she's been "up to something" on the computer in her room, because she always shuts the lid as you walk in. While she brushed her teeth, I quietly retrieved the netbook, and had a look in the browser history 7:11 YouTube " Funny Cats 7:13 YouTube " Ninja Cats 7:14 YouTube " Funny Dogs 7:17 YouTube " Singing Dogs The list went on for quite a wayright up until 7:24 when W threatened her with some kind of medieval punishment if she didn't show her face downstairs pretty damn quickly. In other news, the replacement G3 Mac has arrived at home today. I'm not sure if my other half is going to dare power it up before I get home (the previous one was destroyed by the delivery company " I switched it on, and smoke poured out). We got it from E-Bay for the children to have and use as much as they like. We will be encouraging them to write stories on it, and generally have fun. Lunchtime over. Back to work. Bah humbug.