---
title: A Day Off
date: 2011-05-02
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

W is taking the younger children over to visit her parents this afternoon " which immediately affords me some real down-time. Time to catch up with podcasts, catch up with friends on social networks, catch up with writing emails just basically catch up. It doesn't sound like I'm looking forward to it too much does it? There are a few things on the "never usually get time for" radar that I'll be cherry picking from; Hit the "Explore" feature on Tumblr, to try and find some new people to read. Tumblr is ever-so-slowly turning into a wonderful social network, but suffers because it's so difficult to find great people. I'll probably end up surfing the tags. Listen to This Week in Tech, that I never seem to find time for any more. Leo and the gang usually put together a pretty interesting couple of hours covering the technology news of the week. I used to also listen to MacBreak (when I had a Mac) purely because Andy Ihnatko is so great to listen to if only he had his own show!. Pick up some half decent books for the Kindle, and maybe even sit in the wonderful peace and quiet to read. Quiet is an abstract term in our house most days. Quiet causes suspicion that something is going on. Write emails to friends I haven't touched base with recently " including those who have killed their blogs recently but I don't want to lose touch with. This seems so strange " having the greater part of the day to myself.