---
title: A History Of Blogging And Ten Tumblrs To Turn Your Head
date: 2011-05-14
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I've been writing online for years, on just about all the major platforms " LiveJournal in the early days, my own blogging platform, WordPress, Blogger, TypePad, Vox, Yahoo 360, MySpace, SquareSpace you name it, I've written there. I think the first Tumblr account I had was when the service first launched to the public. I heard Amber MacArthur talking about it on a podcast one day in 2007, and signed up while listening. Since then I've had a love hate relationship with it " I guess you have to remember that Tumblr didn't have any form of commenting origianlly " just "reblogging" " the ability to re-post somebody else's content with your own comments appended. Since the launch, I've always had a Tumblr account, but I haven't always visited often. It's always been there though " sat quietly in the corner like Totoro. A sleeping giant. Yes, it has it's flaws, but it has one thing that the other platforms don't have " community. Suddenly I find myself making new friends at every turn, sharing candid glimpses of each other's lives through the posts, the photos, the "asks", the "reblogs", and the comments. Where Twitter is remote, and exploited, Tumblr is somehow more rich " deeper, less exploitative, more personal. In recent weeks I have been on something of a deep dive in the Tumblrsphere " holding my breath, and often cursing when I need to come up for air. In the spirit of paying something back to the undiscovered country I have been visiting, here are a few of the incredible people that now inspire me, and I consider myself both fortunate, and better for now knowing; insearchofmystery mrprankster ficklechick cynicaljess closet-trollop alibrarianontherun parislemon ficklechick kvural ridingtohellinahandbasket