---
title: Oops She Did It Again
date: 2007-09-11
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I was checking the visitor statistics for "Life and Times" this morning, and was rather shocked to see a significant spike in hits over the last two days. It was enough to make me trawl through the search keywords.

Britney. Britney Spears. More Britney Spears.

You may remember that some time ago I posted an intentionally fake post on my blog to illustrate the "pulling" power of her name following her various misjudged antics. I even defended her. I began wondering why her name was being searched for once more.

In the spirit of "not helping herself at all", it would seem that Britney "sang" at the Video Music Awards. I use the word "sang" in the loosest possible sense - if you can class mouthing the words to a backing track that has been forced into tune by the computing power of a small nation, then yes - she sang.

What the news networks (or "old media" as they are rapidly becoming known) didn't report on was the photo I have intentionally censored alongside this post. Yep. You guessed it. She was photographed with no underwear on yet again.

I wouldn't mind, but it causes the bandwidth on this blog to go through the ceiling. Luckily I have just enough readers for the Google Adsense banners to pay for these spikes. Quite why 100 people trudge over to my blog, or suck up the feed is another question - and you can bet it's not to see pictures of Britney's baby making machinery.

Perhaps people read this for the wonderfully diverse posts - I can quite truthfully claim that "Life and Times" covers everything from politics, to Britney Spears underwear (or lack of).

We live in very, very strange times when the internet we all know and use seems to be infested with so many perverts. It raises the question of the new term "crowd sourcing" - the current vogue to build online destinations where content is generated by the great unwashed masses. Following today's traffic spike I am left wondering if the Wikipedia entry on various anatomical areas or items of women's lingerie may be far more detailed than is really quite necessary.