---
title: Awkward
date: 2015-12-15
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I just finished watching the first season of the TV show "Awkward". I downloaded it onto the Kindle Fire the morning I left. I wrote yesterday that I liked the title character's "voice" while narrating her story. Unfortunately, by the end of the first season her voice had become the only redeeming feature of the entire show. I will probably persevere into season two because I'm kind of a masochist, but reallynot enthused. Hoping I'm wrong.

You could almost imagine thescript writers runningout of ideas beyond the incredibly obvious "Pretty in Pink" story arc for season 1, then reaching the end of year prom and figuring "we can get another season out of this"in much the same way that Peter Jackson turned The Hobbit into three movies. All Awkward needed was a scene where dwarves arrive in the main character's house to make dinner, sing songs, and make plans to re-capture their treasure.

Of course Awkward isn't the first TV show to "jump the shark" (look it up). Penny and Leonard lived across the landing from each other for something like seven or eight years before finally doing anything about their on-again-off-again-on-again relationship. Booth and Brennan took nine (?) seasons of Bones before getting married. I didn't watch Bones by the wayI was Christmas shopping last weekend, and read the back of the Season 9 box. I guess at least Castle only waited a few seasons less before the main characters got it on.

Maybe there is a rule here that we're all missing. Maybe if any two characters in a TV show spend long enough in each other's company, they inevitably end up getting it on with each other? Perhaps it's human natureor at least a good enough hook to hang stories off that any and all TV shows end up basing their entire existence on the premise.

Suddenly I'm looking at old shows in a new light. Laverne and Shirley must have been lesbians. I'm not even going to think about Seinfeld (which I have never seen an episode of, just for the record).