---
title: Peter Pan
date: 2015-12-12
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

This evening we took the children to see the pantomime performance of "Peter Pan" at the local theatre. After talking to a friend elsewhere in the world earlier today, it rapidly became apparent that "Pantomime" is not a global thing, so I'll attempt to explain.

Here's what Wikipedia has to say about Pantomime:Pantomime (informally panto) is a type of musical comedy stage production, designed for family entertainment. It was developed in England and is still performed there, generally during the Christmas and New Year season and, to a lesser extent, in other English-speaking countries. Modern pantomime includes songs, slapstick comedy and dancing, employs gender-crossing actors, and combines topical humour with a story loosely based on a well-known fairy tale.[1] It is a participatory form of theatre, in which the audience is expected to sing along with certain parts of the music and shout out phrases to the performers.

In other words, the production takes a well known story, adds ridiculous jokes throughout, and a number of song and dance numbers to make a fun night out. Children will understand the story (the goodies and baddies are painted large), and the majority of the slapstick jokes. The grown-ups willstifle laughter at a number of jokes that step far, far over the line, but that fly harmlessly over the children's heads.

We are very, very lucky to live near a theatre that regularly sees television stars come to visit in the run-up to Christmas to star in Pantomimes. This production of Peter Pan had Craig Revel Horwood of "Strictly Come Dancing" fame as Captain Hookbut I have to say, the company of actors, dancers, and singers in the supporting cast were incredible.

There were mistakes in the showbut then we saw the opening nightit's to be expected. Only the most bitter curmudgeon would complain, and of course the principal castusually experienced actorsthrive in the middle of comedy scenes when things go wrong.

There was a momentwhen the Crocodile began hunting Peter Panthat I thought our 10 year old daughter might turn inside out. She screamed "IT'S BEHIND YOU" so loud, and so frantically that people nearby were turning around and grinning at her.

Oh to be ten years old again, when Peter Pan really can fly, and Captain James Hook stands ten feet tall, and can be jeered loudly and enthusiastically while holding onto Mum or Dad's sleeve.