---
title: Nothing To See Here
date: 2010-01-20
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Nothing to see hereWhile talking with my cousin earlier, I realised a blog had not left a computer by my hand for several days. I'm not suggesting that some great wrong might occur somewhere in the universe in response to my inaction, but I don't really want to tempt fate either. Blogging is of course serious business. While the content may be of a similar quality to tabloid journalism of the late 1980s (with a certain amount of narcissistic introversion added into the mix), there is no denying that what we write on the net will follow us around for the rest of our livesor at least until we stop paying web hosting fees. I'm sat here using the white Macbook purely because a small part of my brain tells me it will encourage creativity. This is complete and utter rubbish. It's the same school of thought that encourages us to take up running after watching Chariots of Fire, with vague hopes of falling in the Olympic finals and still winning (in slow motion, with a thunderous Vangelis soundtrack no doubt). A white Macbook no more makes me a writer than my running shoes make me a runner. Crikey it's a long time since I wrote like thiswith this voice.

Do you ever feel like there are a number of people inside you? I once heard a famous actress describe her worst nightmare; a dinner party where all of her peer groups were invited. Given that we do perhaps extend different versions of ourselves to different groups of people, I could understand where she was coming from. Thankfully I tend to be almost exactly the same person in all situations, and with all audiencesI'm not clever enough to do anything remotely as devious as "acting a part". The white macbook seems rather slow these days; it's no wonderit's at least 4 years old now. In computer terms that makes it of pensionable age. It runs the latest version of everything fine though, so I shouldn't complainnot that I use any of it at all though; I live in the browser 90% of the time purely so I can get at my collection of junk on any machine, anywhere, any time. I'm not quite sure if it's the new year bedding in, but I've been thinking about "getting organised" again over recent days. I found myself reading "Getting Things Done" again. I wouldn't mind doing consulting for productivity methodologies; it always seems like money for old rope; a certain sort of person (invariably managers) loves to learn about new and fashionable ways to reorganise the same work they would have had whatever. Oh dear. This post is sliding off towards some kind of bitter attack on something or other. Must stop it before it happens.

Blackberry. Yesuse, it still has about 25% of it's battery left. That's unheard of in this era of smartphones. My iPhone bravely started Monday on a full charge, and was dead by 3pm on the same daydue mainly to using GPS for a while on it. Now don't laugh. I charged my old Nokia 6310i up earlier. It's the phone that most people in offices had about five years ago. It is the only phone I know that will destroy the Blackberry in a longetivity fight. I wouldn't be surprised to see the Nokia truck right on into three weeks, let alone three days without a charge. Coffee. I need coffee.