---
title: A Life Online
date: 2010-01-17
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Anybody who has read my personal blog recently will be aware that I have ditched the iPhone in favour of a Blackberry. The Blackberry is somewhat better at one key thing than the iPhone was previously; communication. It's existence about my person this weekend has resulted in several far flung friends finally being able to get in touch with me.

Amongst the general mayhem of children's parties, and trips out to dinner with in-laws, I have been reminded of the reason I started blogging in the first place, and the reason I spend so many hours onlinepeople. Over the years I have been onlineand it's more years than I care to rememberunlikely friendships have sprung up like weeds in the desert. Sometimes the internet can seem barren, empty, and soulless, but once you have a friend somewhere out there it's complexion changes. You have a window to a life very different than your owna life less ordinary. Once you begin talking to somebody new, sharing their experiences, visiting a small corner of their world, you come to realise that no matter where we are, who we are or what we do, we are just peopleand people of a similar mindset seem to get along pretty well in my experience. Perhaps it takes a certain kind of person to write a blog, or to take part in the various social networks that now exist. Maybe some kind of frontier mentality is required; a blend of wonderlust, escapist, daydreamer, and idiot are probably the best ingredients. How do you spot these people in the real world? It's the girl on the park bench, watching the world go by. It's the guy sat in the traffic, gazing across the park from his car. It's the girl in the office, wishing she worked elsewhere. It's the guy walking to the train station early in the morning, with a podcast in his ears. It's the girl on the train writing her journal, and then reading a Cathy Reichs book. These people are everywhere and nowhere; all of the time, and never at all. To all who know meor at least can claim to knowing a little of methankyou for continuing to read, to know, to listen, and to put up with my inane rambling. I sometimes have a lot to say, and very little of it is invariably worth sharing, but I doand so do a few of you. We might not change the world, but we are at least making it a little smaller from time to time.