---
title: Goodbye Iphone 3G Hello Blackberry Curve
date: 2010-01-09
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I just put the order in for a Blackberry Curve 8900, and a new mobile phone contract with Orange. It's going to give me the same functionality I actually usethe iPhone for, for far less money. In summary;The handset is free with the contractThe contract is a third cheaper than the iPhone400 minutes per month300 texts per monthUnlimited internet and push email It has a keyboard!Having lived with the iPhone for the last 18 months - or rather, two iPhones (both of which have broken in some way), I've been looking at alternatives for a while. I considered the new Google Nexus One, but decided not to wait for it in the end - it's going to be expensive, it's first generation hardware for Google, and it's another touch-screen phone. The major failing of touch screen phones in my experienceis that you cannot easily type while on the move. It never occurred to me until I tried to do it - having the tactile feedback of real buttons is a huge advantage. Having seen my better half's Blackberry Curve 8520 in action for the last few months, I have become more and more aware of it's benefits. Battery life would be a good one - it lasts for days. That's right - plural. Days of continual use. The iPhone spends nearly every evening on charge. Most of the benefit from the Blackberry (for me) can probably be derived from one application for it though; Google Sync. I use Google Mail, Google Calendar, and Google Contacts - which will all integrate transparently with the Blackberry. Rather than do any kind of unboxing when the phone arrives, here's a video somebody else did...