---
title: Snow Day
date: 2018-03-17
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I woke at about 7am this morning, with a pounding headache. Downing several cans of craft cider the night before will do that to you if you're not used to drinking any more. Snow had been forecast, and I couldn't be bothered to wipe away condensation on the bedroom window to take a look - so stumbled down the stairs in the direction of the shower. While waiting for the shower to warm up, I looked out of the junk-room window, and saw several inches of snow on the car, and a white carpet out across the green outside the house.

I guessed rugby wouldn't be happening, and confirmed as much half an hour later - when notices appeared on the club Facebook group. I pulled on warm clothes, and set out for the corner-shop, to buy bread and milk for the snow day ahead.

I'll admit to being a bit concerned - I have a flight to catch mid-morning tomorrow from Heathrow. Hundreds of flights have been cancelled - I'm just hoping that another 24 hours will see the snow melt, and the world right itself once again. I've already done check-in for the flight via my work mobile phone - there are no warning notices in the Lufthansa app at the moment - I guess I'll need to take another look early tomorrow morning.

I've pulled an old android phone from the cupboard, and have put it on charge - it may well take the place of the candybar Nokia I've been using since the beginning of the year. The Nokia is great, and it's wonderful that it only needs to be charged once a week, but the reality is I need fast access to text messages, WhatsApp, and Google Calendar to keep up with family, schools, and the various sports clubs the kids are involved in. I think the old Android handset was originally bought for our eldest as her "first phone". It says something about Android that it still works perfectly, three or four years on - and something about our kids looking after things, because it doesn't have a single scratch on it.

In other news, I killed my old LiveJournal account completely. Given the political goings-on at the moment, I would rather not have anything to do with anything based in Russia. I realise the people that work at LiveJournal have no hand in what's been going on internationally, but their own government no doubt have fingers in every pie going. I don't trust them - in the same way that I don't trust Facebook, and by inference Instagram and WhatsApp (Facebook own Instagram and WhatsApp, if you didn't know).

I suppose going back to an Android phone means I'll be able to use the Telegram app again. If you've not seen it, it's independent, secure, free, and has a web interface too.

Oh - one last thing - I pulled the cross-posted written posts from Tumblr too. I'm not sure what I will do with Tumblr going forward - at the moment I'm using it as a kind of procrastination playground - a scrapbook to throw stuff into while avoiding getting on with other things, and a place to keep in touch with a handful of friends I have made there over the last few years. The community there has changed though - it's tiny compared to the way it once was. I suppose everything changes eventually, wether we like it or not.

Anyway. I feel a cup of coffee and a rubbish movie coming on.