---
title: Ten Minutes To Myself
date: 2014-11-02
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's Sunday morning, our youngest is at church, and I have just dropped our middle girl off at a birthday party. I have about three quarters of an hour until I need to start preparing lunch, craftily written on a piece of paper, and left on the kitchen worktop for me. Timings have been scribbled out for peeling potatoes, putting them in the oven, and preparing vegetables - we're having roast dinner.

Actually... it turns out that three quarters of an hour doesn't exist - after writing the previous paragraph, the alarm went on the cooker. I just spent the last ten minutes peeling potatoes like a maniac, and putting them on to boil. In a few minutes they have to go on a tray in the oven, so this post is going to be written at a rate of perhaps one paragraph every ten minutes inbetween me racing into the kitchen to do stuff. Ok... another ten minutes pass. The potatoes are off the hob, and into a tray. A pan of water is ready on top of the cooker for the vegetables later, and the carrots are pealed and chopped up. I can never make my mind up which is the best way to chop carrots up. I guess I could set the table (if I could find the table mats - they were probably hidden when we got the house ready for halloween). Our eldest daughter just showed her face in the kitchen and said "why does it smell like roast dinner in here?". So - now I have a few minutes - I'm taking part in NaBloPoMo this year. I will be posting every day throughout November, and perhaps sharing links to the posts a little more readily than I have in years past. I just setup "If This Then That" to cross-post from Blogger into Tumblr for me - I'll be amazed if it works correctly. Ah crap. Other half just arrived home. The instructions to make roast that were left on the worktop? Left there by accident. I just started making a roast dinner we're not having. The chicken in the oven is for a casserole tonight. We are SO GOOD at communication in this house.