---
title: Lets Write A List
date: 2017-10-30
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Today's writing exercise from the totally fabricated faculty of Blogging University is a list. It could be any list, but I'm guessing a list of goals, inspirations, or past fails is going to be far more interesting than a shopping list (although posting something that meta is kind of enticing).

The first list that springs to mind that won't cause a sudden attack of narcolepsy would probably be "things I'm good at" - so without writing another paragraph leading into the slightly unimpressive list (and yes, I know this is that paragraph), I'll get cracking. Things I'm Good At  2. Procrastinating. No, seriously. I'm sitting at work while writing this.     There are productive things I could be doing, but a huge part of my brain is     winning the argument to write this. 4. Tinkering. I spent an entire day last week writing programming to turn a         WordPress export into cleanly formatted text files. I then deleted them,         and decided I didn't need to keep backups after-all. Because tinkering.         It also explains why I have a fully operational 2003 vintage iMac at         home.      5. Dropping Everything. When somebody needs me, or if I even suspect they         need me, I will almost always drop whatever I am doing and go help them.         This happens with my own children a lot - as evidenced by sitting up         until the early hours with Miss 17 for the last several nights.      6. Eating Pizza. People sometimes use the phrase "the food of the gods" -         if I wasn't such a massive atheist I might use that phrase to describe         pizza. I think my attraction to it has more to do with it being cheap,         and easy to cook, rather than how great it tastes though - because I         will pretty much eat anything put in front of me.      7. Cycling. I have always cycled to work. I don't own my own car. This         results in some mighty impressive looking legs that will never fit in         skinny jeans. It also means I have a bitter and cynical view of the kind         of people you share roads with during the rush-hour. I have written more         than once about trophy mums racing to coffee mornings in four wheel         drive tanks.So there you go. My first "list" post in quite a long time.         It goes without saying that if you interract with me in any way, shape,         or form, I will not only stalk you, I'll come and read your blog.          

I was joking about the stalking part. Honest.