---
title: Midnight
date: 2021-02-20
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I started writing this at one minute past midnight on Friday night. I suppose it's really Saturday, but I tend to count it as the day before until I wake up the next day.

I spent much of the evening reinstalling my middle daughter's computer (the somewhat famous computer labelled "Trigger's Broom"). It now has an SSD sitting quietly inside it. I had hoped to upgrade the memory too, but I need to do some research first.

It's been a very, very quiet week here - helped by endless quantities of rain falling from the sky, and a somewhat enormous lack of enthusiasm throughout the house.

I'm still receiving endless follows on Wordpress from business accounts. It kind of makes sense - Wordpress has been heading towards the website hosting game for a very long time. Their page design tools lean heavily towards small businesses, and increasingly away from writers. I wonder if the Tumblr acquisition wasn't quite so mad after all - if Automattic knew their plans for Wordpress (obviously they did), they would have also known an exodus would happen when those writing journals or diaries became disenfranchised. Tumblr gives an obvious route away from the shop front.

I miss the way the web used to be - the way blogs were when they first appeared. All you needed was a small corner of your own, and support for RSS to help others follow a diverse spectrum of writers. Over time the various solutions turned into platforms, and then into silos. Slowly but surely they either pivoted towards the business world (Wordpress), stagnated (Blogger), or died (LiveJournal). Granted, LiveJournal still exists, but it's an empty shell of the mighty mindshare juggernaut it once was.

I know a lot of people hate email based journals, but I kind of love them. I wonder if the haters live quite happily within silos, and have learned to take advantage of their captive audience. It reminds me of Plato's allegory of "The Cave". Those that have only ever known the world of publishing platforms cannot easily appreciate the vast world that lives beyond their borders - that they might embrace it - that they might find kindred spirits out there. It's hard work though - hiking through the paths less trodden. Existing within a platform is easy, safe, and comfortable.

Anyway.

I'm starting to sound judgemental. I don't mean to be. I'm just emptying my head. Take no notice.

*p.s. don't even get me started about the race condition in the Wordpress blog editor that has existed for at least two years now - where publishing fails, and can only be fixed by refreshing the page - losing your tags and photo selection in the process.*