---
title: Forty Five Minutes
date: 2019-03-13
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I have roughly 45 minutes until Wednesday becomes Thursday. I'm trying to convince my mind that the end of the day is a deadline of sorts, and if I don't post something before then I'll have a gap in the daily insanity. This is all hoodoo of course, because I've gone entire months posting every day, and have also gone entire months with only a handful of posts. The daily posting thing seems to be a new affliction. I think I'm starting to understand how obsessive compulsive disorders work.Today was a long day. I'm finally nearing the end of the colossal project that has devoured the last year, and caused all manner of flying to and from Germany, nights in far flung hotel rooms, and miles walked through foreign city streets. In some ways I will miss Frankfurt, and in other ways I wish I had been more daring - more willing to take more chances - to visit some of the late night bars and experience the real city. I guess we'll see, because it's not really the end - it's more the end of the beginning.Although I might not be visiting Germany for a while, I can't see life slowing down at all. At the end of next week I'll be heading to Wales, and the following week Leeds in the North of England. Hotel life beckons once more - quietly sitting in the corner of a hotel lobby with a drink, trying to ignore travelling salesmen broadcasting their own self importance to anybody that might take notice.In the middle of all of this I'm also organising my other half's birthday party (a big birthday), and trying to figure out a meeting of several bloggers in London too. One is flying in from San Francisco, and a couple are from London. I have no idea where we're meeting yet - it should be fun.I remember back in the day when Tumblr had meetups, I always wondered what it might be like - meeting up with people that already knew each other's stories - that already know the version of you that appears in words and pictures. Will they be the way you imagined them? Will you be the way they imagined you? I'm trying not to think about it too much. I think perhaps the most important thing will be to get a drink, down it, and then get another drink - just to calm the nerves. I wonder if anybody has ever STARTED with shots?Anyway - that's a couple of weeks away. I might need to go buy a half-decent shirt before then - before the birthday part even. I tend to wear clothes to destruction, then replace a huge proportion of my wardrobe in one go. Just such a cull is probably overdue.There. A blog post written in fifteen minutes. That's not bad going, is it.