---
title: Midnight
date: 2020-12-01
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

Each day seems to be falling into the next at the moment. I suppose it's only natural when you work from home, and the projects you're working on require any sort of mental investment. Last Friday night I looked up from a conference call, and realised it was already 6:30pm. I think Submariners have a name for the mental distress caused by being in a confined space for too long - I'm not sure what it is.

In the interests of avoiding going completely crazy, I went for a run this morning. I only ran a few kilometres, but my mobile phone decided to go on something of a bender again - I might change my name to "Barry Allen", based on the track it recorded around town.

I like running. I like the zen part of it when you get past the first few minutes of tiredness. I will admit to being fascinated by some of the other runners I see while out running too. I typically run in the same old pair of shorts every time, and whichever t-shirt I wore to bed the night before. In the cold weather I wear an old reflective waterproof - by own body heat builds up inside it and keeps me warm. Apparently I'm not doing it right. I regularly see people wearing ensembles that flew straight off the page of a glossy magazine. Since when was getting fit a fashion show?

I always remember going into one of the faux-fitness shops in town, and looking at leggings with my eldest daughter. She took one look, and walked from the shop, trying to suppress laughter. Yes, some people buy black leggings that cost over PS100. I don't know why, but they do. My running shoes cost PS15 from Amazon...

Anyway. It's getting late. Time to go brush my teeth, and head to bed.