---
title: Differences Of Opinion
date: 2010-07-18
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

What do you do, when you're reading a blog post that expresses a strong opinion, and you find yourself at odds with it? Do you respond?It's been ticking away at the back of my mind for a few days after reading a few different posts recently. I'm guessing it became of interest to me because of a "fanboyism" article I read a while agoputting forward the hypothesis that those who argue over the latest toy in forums are defending their "self"because they have invested in something with a cost attached that others know aboutso feel they have to prove the validity of their investment. I'm guessing this works for opinions too.

As I've grown older, I've become increasingly reticent when invited to argue anything. For the most part, people posting anything on the internet are not looking to invite an argumentthey are looking for others to agree with them. The fact that the opinions they shout from the rooftops may be ill conceived, controversial, or flat-out wrong, doesn't seem to stop them. The knowledge that their words will carry around the globe, and be archived for years also seems to be ignored. There's a classic cartoon from the archives of Penny Arcade, called the "Greater Internet F*ckwad Theory". It theorises that many normal people, when given a public platform, anonymity, and an audience become deranged toilet-mouthed fanatics. I agree completely with it. It's funny thoughthe kind of fanboyism that is so frowned upon and derided on the internet is allowed in the real world under the guise of politics and organised religion. The followers of all the popular political parties and religions are encouraged to preachin order to further the pyramid scheme at it's heart. Interestingly, anybody who questions the behaviour of anybody involved isvilifiedfor repressing all kinds of freedoms. It seems that many people want to tell others what they should be doing, and are not interested in opposing viewpoints at all. Of course if this situation didn't existif everybody was the samethen nobody would be interesting. We are interesting becausewe are different.