---
title: Tiredness Abounds On A Quiet Sunday
date: 2010-07-11
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

We went to the birthday party of a colleague last night - just the two of us. Most people would view this as a normal kind of thing to do on a Saturday night. If you have three children, it's rare Our baby sitter arrived a little after 8,and we walked the couple of miles across town. You might think this slightly mad - walking that far - but given that it was a beautiful evening, we both wanted a drink, and there is no taxi company in town (yep - you read that right), we walked. When you're in the thick of family life, it's easy to forget how big your circle of friends is. You trundle on - yourself, your other half, and your children - week in, week out, without having that much interaction with those you know through whichever means. And then you turn up at a party, and you surprise yourself. We walked in to warm smiles, hugs, handshakes, kisses, "how the hell are you"'s, excited "hello"'s, and all manner of other greetings. It was pretty humbling stuff. I'm guessing we're pretty normal in that we don't value our friendship to others as much as we might - but then if we did, we wouldn't be nice people, would we. It was amazing to find so many people we have come to know over the last 10 years or so who were so pleased to see us out. Of course this morning the normal routine kicked back in with a lurching "whump". I delivered Little Miss 5 to a birthday party this morning, and am due to pick her back up in about half an hour. Following that it's a Dad lunch special (I already bought junk to eat), and then hopefullythe Grand Prix. This afternoon I have a prospective website project to pick away at, but suspect a certain little person will require attention... (if you're wondering, Little Miss 6, and Miss 9 are off doing a "Race for Life" charity run with their Mum and Nan for the day - no doubt I will hear all about it when they return home this evening)