---
title: Day Off
date: 2006-05-11
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I have had the day off work today - although somehow it feels as if the hours have ebbed away and nothing is left of it. I have achieved a few things though (for a change) so I guess I at least have that to be thankful for.

I'm busy bashing this blog entry in before my other half gets back from work - she was supposed to have the whole day off too, but the entire department where she works let her down - meaning she lost half of her "day off" to go and "help" sort their mess out. She was not pleased.

Being left home alone when you thought both of you were going to be around has been enlightening. You wouldn't believe the things I ended up doing due to having nothing planned.

Three loads of washing (and putting resultant clothes on the line). Tidying up. Some programming. Replies to emails. Posts to forums.

In retrospect, the biggest time killer this afternoon was an effort to catch up on reading the various blogs and feeds that I try to follow. Since I have been using Rojo, my "reading list" has exploded. Half the blame probably lies on me now writing in two blogs - this one, and the PluggedOut Blog, which covers techie/geek stuff. The other half of the blame can probably be attributed to being insanely busy with work recently.

I don't know if other people are the same as me, but (working with computers anyway) if I've had a long, difficult day in front of the computer I tend to not use them when I get home... Thankfully the light nights are upon us in the UK now, so it's still light (and warm) when I get home from work - otherwise I have a feeling I'd be sat in front of the telly all night. Quite perversely, I'm thankful we have a big garden - although I bitch about having to continually help with it, it does stop me from sitting in front of the computer ALL the time.

And what am I doing now? On my day off? I'm sat in front of the computer...