---
title: 750 Words
date: 2010-12-04
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I discovered a rather fun website called 750 words earlier this evening (while looking at reverb10, which Pammer pointed me towards). The following 750 words of inconsequential garbage were written while playing with the site...

So this is 750 words? Wondering what it's all about. What all the fuss is about... Can this really by a place to write ?

Well I've just blown the word rate completely out of the water for this first post into 750words, because I got involved in putting the kids to bed, and then wandering out for late night supplies (read: wine, doritos, and chocolate). Hopefully his won't go completely to waste.

So, I'm curious about 750 words. How does it work? Does the site hold onto the words, or are we free to cross post our navel gazage elsewhere? It seems a little odd to be throwing so much content into another silo. The fact that it's online is another bind; what about those times when you're on the road, on a train, or stuck in a hotel in the back of beyond, and you don't have the opportunity to use the online word processor... under those circumstances all the wonderful statistics are for nought.

Anyway... it's getting late.

Apparently 496 other people are also writing here. I wonder why? I wonder what they write about... if they read other people's daily meanderings ?

Okay. So this is what 200 words looks like. Not impressive.

News of the day probably has to have been my incarceration in the house following our eldest daughter (eldest of three) having a stomach bug. To call her back end "unpredictable" would be the understatement of the century. Our plans for the weekend have pretty much burned to the ground as a result.

I had been planning to go christmas shopping... not any more.

The big problem I have with writing 750 words here is that I already have two other blogs - one personal, and one professional. I'm taking something of a break from the personal one at the moment because I just finished National Blog Posting Month - so 30 posts in 30 days... some of them were pretty long, but none were 750 words (or at least I don't THINK they were).

The professional blog DOES have the longer format posts (it's at http://jonbeckett.posterous.com if you're interested), but is probably quite narrow in the kind of person it might attract to read. The personal one is very much a journal - a "slice of life" blog.

I'm sat here sipping wine and stuffing chocolate in my face while writing this. Not the best combination ever invented, but it'll do. Fulfils the requirements of being comfort food (having missed out on the party earlier), and fuel.

Racing towards 500 words now. Perhaps this isn't quite so difficult after all (or at least not if you have as much flying around your head as I do sometimes).

Poirot is on the TV in the lounge. I'm perched at the dining table with a netbook. I tell a lie... Poirot just finished. Some other trashy brainless TV show is on next. Thankfully I hardly ever watch television any more.

The Christmas Shopping trip that never happened occurred on the internet earlier - I headed to Amazon, and very lazily bought things, got them wrapped, and shipped to destination addresses with a few clicks of the mouse. Hopefully my parents won't mind... they know we're busy. We're not even going to get a chance to see them until well into the new year.

Sorry... just got sucked into watching the television news, who are laughably DAYS behind the internet; just now reporting about the Chinese Government's alleged sponsoring of hacking attempts of Google.

I'm torn about the whole Wikileaks scandle. While I agree that they have acted appallingly in making what were private messages public, I also agree with the more radical view that if governments are so worried about the information being released, then that must be because they KNOW they have done wrong. To be honest, none of the information that's come out so far has been that shocking. It must be a slow news winter so far.

I'm guessing as soon as Wikileaks vanishes from the front pages, the guy behind it all will quietly disappear.

A wave of tiredness just swept over me. Not sure why... (well - I do - burning the candle at both ends). Isn't it interesting how we have so many idioms that we carry around with us to describe our state. "Dead on my feet", "Felt better", "on a roll", "can't complain"... there are SO many of them. It strikes me sometimes that english must be a nightmare to learn.

Woohoo. 750 words. Job done... and it's all inconsequential garbage.