---
title: Monday
date: 2021-12-13
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's Monday, and that's all I have to say about that. The morning has been filled with meetings and administration work ahead of the start of a new project. It's exciting in a way, but also draining.

I've drunk two coffees, sat through two meetings, and have a third coming down the track at me in half an hour. The washing machine has fallen silent, so after writing this I'll go empty it and hang it's contents out to dry.

This morning I blocked out an hour on my calendar for Friday morning. I have to visit the infant school, pull on a huge red suit padded with various cushions, attach a rather dubious curly white wig and beard, and become a certain visitor from the North Pole. Little did I realise last year that doing it once meant I would then be called upon every year, for the rest of my life.

Let's hope I'm well enough to do it. I'm getting a COVID booster shot the afternoon before my appointment with the red robes - reactions to the shots seem to be a lottery. Fingers crossed.

(three hours pass while more meetings happen)

I almost fainted a few moments ago. I went to the kitchen and made some bread with jam on, purely to give myself some energy. While there I got shouted at for "getting in the way". Welcome to my world. I'm now waiting for the water filter to re-fill so I can fill the kettle and make myself a cup of tea with sugar in it.

Maybe it's time for an early night.