---
title: Flagging
date: 2009-10-26
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

It's 8:30pm at the time of writing - I returned from work at 6, and have been on my feet until a few minutes ago - clearing a day's worth of washing, and corralling the kids into clearing the mess they have made (it's half term).

We had chicken curry for dinner - which in a normal family would be easy, but we have a vegetarian and a coeliac to deal with, so you invariably get triple the amount of cooking pots. Being fair, curry isn't the worst case scenario - pizza probably is. No matter what pizza we might buy, we always have to make the coeliac one by hand. I've become quite good at making gluten free pizza dough (it's made from buckwheat if you were wondering).

I'm kackered. No, really - I am. I'm not sure if it's the weekend catching up with me, or just lack of sleep. I woke up this morning after a pretty poor night's sleep and went to work without my laptop (I brought it home to download a 3.5Gb file that our work network laughed in the face of). It's the first time in 8 years that I have forgotten my computer.

When W arrived with the kids to pick me up this evening (flat tyre on mountain bike - another thing to add to the Monday roll call of idiocy), little miss 5 ran to my desk at work and asked;

"Why are you leaving your computer here?"

"So I don't forget to bring it in again!"

One of my colleagues piped up "and your Daddy would never forget to bring it, would he."

It's just been one of those days.

In other news, I'm still messing around with Tumblr, Friendfeed, and an install of a portal called "Open Atrium" on my freelance webspace. I'm sure the previous sentence induced near narcolepsy though, so will shut up about that.

Roll on a good night's sleep. I need it.