---
title: 10 Minutes
date: 2014-05-14
categories: [life]
tags: [life]
author: Jonathan Beckett
---

I have 10 minutes left of the day before I head off towards home. 10 minutes to empty my head. Here goes.

I have been "helping" a non-developer write some code today in a horrible language called Powershell (kind of a mash-up Microsoft made to ape the Unix shell with a hideous flavour of loosely-typed C# style garbage). It doesn't help that the guy I'm trying to help has never done any programming at all. I've tried repeatedly to explain that he's facing a vertical climb that most of us took 2 years at college to scale, and even then, we have 10 years worth of experience on him. He keeps asking bizarre questions, and complaining that computers should be easier to program.

I guess that's why I get paid a lot then.

Don't get me wrongI admire him for wanting to learn, but it's kind of like saying "My previous experience was sitting on a plane when I went on holidaynow I want to change how the hydraulics work in the wings".

Anyway!I keep finding small bugs in the We The Users website that it turns out have always been there. I guess only I would ever notice the bugs, but it's annoying that I didn't see them before. I looked at one piece of code (that I wrote), and thought "what they HELL was I thinking?".

Tonight we have a table booked at the pub to go out with friends. I'm looking forward to it (I think). Of course it means I will have to get home, clear up, get the kids through dinner, wash up, and then have try and get them ready for bed before the babysitter arrives.

Right. Four minutes left. Please excuse me while I get this posted